[
    {'id': 1, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 8, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 211, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {
        'id': 593,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.",
            'Author': 'Yogi Berra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 723,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.",
            'Author': 'Yogi Berra'
        }
    },
    {'id': 1518, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 2521, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {
        'id': 3202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.",
            'Author': 'Yogi Berra'
        }
    },
    {'id': 3321, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 3530, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 3623, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 4824, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 4982, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 5250, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 24604, 'record': {'Quote': 'You can observe a lot just by watching.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {
        'id': 29129,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Cut my pie into four pieces, I don’t think I could eat eight.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}
    }
]
[
    {'id': 8, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.', 'Author': 'Yogi Berra'}},
    {'id': 13, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.', 'Author': 'Karen Clark'}},
    {'id': 23, 'record': {'Quote': 'Everything in life is luck.', 'Author': 'Donald Trump'}},
    {'id': 93, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!', 'Author': 'John Pierrakos'}},
    {'id': 106, 'record': {'Quote': 'Every new day is another chance to change your life.', 'Author': ''}},
    {'id': 149, 'record': {'Quote': "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.", 'Author': 'Anais Nin'}},
    {
        'id': 153,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Character develops itself in the stream of life.', 'Author': 'Johann Wolfgang von Goethe'}
    },
    {
        'id': 182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.",
            'Author': 'Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 183,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.",
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {'id': 198, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is the flower for which love is the honey.', 'Author': 'Victor Hugo'}},
    {'id': 200, 'record': {'Quote': 'Change your thoughts, change your life!', 'Author': ''}},
    {'id': 238, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is just a chance to grow a soul.', 'Author': 'A. Powell Davies'}},
    {
        'id': 247,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.', 'Author': 'Immanuel Kant'}
    },
    {'id': 288, 'record': {'Quote': 'To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.', 'Author': 'Voltaire'}},
    {'id': 364, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a progress, and not a station.', 'Author': 'Ralph Emerson'}},
    {
        'id': 390,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Letting go isn�t the end of the world; it�s the beginning of a new life.', 'Author': ''}
    },
    {
        'id': 394,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.', 'Author': 'Seneca'}
    },
    {
        'id': 406,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.', 'Author': 'Marie Curie'}
    },
    {
        'id': 409,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.', 'Author': 'Anne Schaef'}
    },
    {
        'id': 423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 433,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.',
            'Author': 'Dave Weinbaum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.",
            'Author': 'Winston Churchill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 473,
        'record': {'Quote': 'If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.', 'Author': 'Lao Tzu'}
    },
    {
        'id': 489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.',
            'Author': 'Dalai Lama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 501,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Bronte'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.",
            'Author': 'Morris West'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 543,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 556,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.',
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 561,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing 
nothing.',
            'Author': 'Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 591,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the 
stars.',
            'Author': 'Henry Van Dyke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 595,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something 
back by becoming more',
            'Author': 'Anthony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 605,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is only one success � to be able to spend your life in your own way.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Morley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 616,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.',
            'Author': 'Confucius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what
it brings.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Rubinstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.',
            'Author': 'Tom Lehrer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 652,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining 
stationary in this life.',
            'Author': 'James Freeman Clarke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.',
            'Author': 'Ben Stein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.',
            'Author': ''
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 672,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they 
have a persistent intuition.',
            'Author': 'Honore de Balzac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 716,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.',
            'Author': 'Robert Stevenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 728,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body 
and the mind.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 740,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.',
            'Author': 'E. M. Forster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 760,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin Disraeli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 764,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the 
responsibility for changing them.',
            'Author': 'Denis Waitley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 787,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.",
            'Author': 'Doug Larson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 798,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave 
up.",
            'Author': 'Thomas Edison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 825,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.",
            'Author': 'Walter Cronkite'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more 
experiments you make the better.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 860,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is
necessary.',
            'Author': 'Margaret Cousins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 870,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his 
passions.',
            'Author': 'Alfred Tennyson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 895,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly � that is what each of us is 
here for.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 907,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility 
for changing them.',
            'Author': 'Denis Waitley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 921,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life � for weak people who cannot keep 
their balance without them.',
            'Author': 'Laura Teresa Marquez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.',
            'Author': ''
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 944,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the 
future.',
            'Author': 'John Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1000,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their 
life.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you 
are.",
            'Author': 'Bernice Reagon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1026,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.",
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1035,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful 
life.",
            'Author': 'Daisaku Ikeda'
        }
    },
    {'id': 1055, 'record': {'Quote': 'All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!', 'Author': 'Bob Newhart'}},
    {
        'id': 1058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.',
            'Author': 'Lululemon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1091,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.',
            'Author': 'Pearl Buck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1100,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1126,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.',
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1133,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.', 'Author': 'Charles Swindoll'}
    },
    {'id': 1136, 'record': {'Quote': 'To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.', 'Author': 'Cynthia Ozick'}},
    {
        'id': 1217,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing 
nothing.',
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you 
are.",
            'Author': 'Bernice Reagon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1318,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1327,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is 
built.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.',
            'Author': 'Angela Schwindt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be 
shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of 
every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Kubler-Ross'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege 
to do for it whatever I can.',
            'Author': 'Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1440,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self,
and looks on everything with an impartial eye.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1442,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, 
occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.",
            'Author': 'Caroline Myss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1446,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he 
had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. 
Happiness never decreases by being shared.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a 
lifetime that it becomes a miracle.',
            'Author': 'Amy Bloom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1471,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't 
matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.",
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1477,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so 
that we may fear less.',
            'Author': 'Marie Curie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your 
mouth shut.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1547,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.',
            'Author': 'Gail Sheehy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1569,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.',
            'Author': 'David McCullough'
        }
    },
    {'id': 1703, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is what happens while you are making other plans.', 'Author': 'John Lennon'}},
    {
        'id': 1706,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.',
            'Author': 'Wayne Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1759,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.', 'Author': 'Grandma Moses'}
    },
    {
        'id': 1820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.',
            'Author': 'Robert Frost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1857,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.', 'Author': 'Corita Kent'}
    },
    {
        'id': 1858,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 1910,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.', 'Author': ''}
    },
    {
        'id': 1991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.',
            'Author': 'Anais Nin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2022,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.',
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2036,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.',
            'Author': 'Michael Vance'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2038,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.",
            'Author': 'Bruce Lee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2066,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My mama always said: life's like a box of chocolate � you never know what you gonna get.",
            'Author': 'Forrest Gump'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2144,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2153,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and 
maintain an interest in life.',
            'Author': 'William Londen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2209,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the
ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.',
            'Author': 'Dr. David M. Burns'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2301,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human
life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.',
            'Author': 'H. Bertram Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2310,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond 
knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.',
            'Author': 'Charles A. Lindbergh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2334,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.',
            'Author': 'Alfred Adler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2339,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.',
            'Author': 'Andr� Gide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.',
            'Author': 'Chinese proverb'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?',
            'Author': 'George Eliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you 
choose to do with them is up to you.',
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2639,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of 
energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.",
            'Author': 'Katherine Mansfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2657,
        'record': {'Quote': 'For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.', 'Author': 'William Blake'}
    },
    {
        'id': 2675,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.', 'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'}
    },
    {
        'id': 2685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both 
ways save us from thinking.',
            'Author': 'Alfred Korzybski'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2696,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.',
            'Author': 'Winston Churchill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2713,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.',
            'Author': 'Wayne Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2806,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.',
            'Author': 'Carl Jung'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2810,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current 
comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.',
            'Author': 'Denis Waitley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of 
yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.',
            'Author': 'Barack Obama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains 
three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.",
            'Author': ''
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 2999,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.', 'Author': 'Buddha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 3042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The 
third is to be kind.',
            'Author': 'Henry James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3086,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as 
though everything is a miracle.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3156,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn 
when they feel too worn out.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3188,
        'record': {'Quote': 'There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.', 'Author': 'George Sand'}
    },
    {
        'id': 3267,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?',
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3318,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.',
            'Author': 'Edwin Markham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3384,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess 
what they have planned for you? Not much.",
            'Author': 'Jim Rohn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.',
            'Author': 'Anais Nin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3641,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live
if you are looking for the meaning of life.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.',
            'Author': 'Daisaku Ikeda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again,
after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.",
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long 
ago.',
            'Author': 'Carla Gordon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3840,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs
your life.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.',
            'Author': 'May Sarton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 3936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One 
needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.',
            'Author': 'Hannah Senesh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 4205,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, 
I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.',
            'Author': 'Robert C. Solomon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 4236,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.", 'Author': 'John Lennon'}
    },
    {'id': 4321, 'record': {'Quote': 'The energy of the mind is the essence of life.', 'Author': 'Aristotle'}},
    {
        'id': 4365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a 
lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 4423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast � you also miss the 
sense of where you are going and why.",
            'Author': 'Eddie Cantor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 4587,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.', 'Author': 'Confucius'}
    },
    {
        'id': 4634,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.',
            'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 4840,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and 
tranquillity.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that 
makes rain produce sunshine.',
            'Author': 'Byron Pulsifer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5369,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every 
part of your life in an instant.',
            'Author': 'Tony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.",
            'Author': 'Robert Frost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Without music, life would be a mistake.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche,  Twilight of the Idols'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5495,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's 
indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's 
indifference.",
            'Author': 'Elie Wiesel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common
life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart 
and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5578,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is 
compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.',
            'Author': 'Robert Fulghum,  True Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5588,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5593,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Who are you to judge the life I live?I know I'm not perfect-and I don't live to be-but before you 
start pointing fingers...make sure you hands are clean!",
            'Author': 'Bob Marley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5604,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reality continues to ruin my life.',
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson,  The Complete Calvin and Hobbes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5609,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no pretending,"Jace said with absolute clarity. "I love you, and I will love you until I 
die, and if there is life after that, I\'ll love you then.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5610,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to 
figure out how that could be.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5612,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower'
        }
    },
    {'id': 5625, 'record': {'Quote': 'Unrest of spirit is a mark of life.', 'Author': 'Karl A. Menninger'}},
    {
        'id': 5631,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant 
voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again
and a silence.',
            'Author': 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5637,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a gift, given in trust - like a child.', 'Author': 'Anne Morrow Lindbergh'}
    },
    {'id': 5638, 'record': {'Quote': 'Where there is love there is life.', 'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'}},
    {'id': 5644, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is wasted on the living.', 'Author': 'Douglas Adams'}},
    {'id': 5650, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life in abundance comes only through great love.', 'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'}},
    {
        'id': 5657,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond 
knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.',
            'Author': 'Charles Lindbergh'
        }
    },
    {'id': 5671, 'record': {'Quote': 'Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.', 'Author': 'Woody Allen'}},
    {
        'id': 5685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Easter is meant to be a symbol of hope, renewal, and new life.',
            'Author': 'Janine di Giovanni'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5687,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice.",
            'Author': 'Lord Acton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Outside of the cross of Jesus Christ, there is no hope in this world. That cross and resurrection at 
the core of the Gospel is the only hope for humanity. Wherever you go, ask God for wisdom on how to get that Gospel in, 
even in the toughest situations of life.',
            'Author': 'Ravi Zacharias'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5694,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Any life is made up of a single moment, the moment in which a man finds out, once and for all, who he
is.',
            'Author': 'Jorge Luis Borges'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5699,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make
your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to 
come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on 
Earth.",
            'Author': 'Bradley Whitford'
        }
    },
    {'id': 5702, 'record': {'Quote': 'Wrong life cannot be lived rightly.', 'Author': 'Theodor Adorno'}},
    {
        'id': 5710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.',
            'Author': 'Vernon Howard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5719,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.',
            'Author': 'Henri Nouwen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5721,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5724,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. 'Action sport' would be the least 
offensive categorization.",
            'Author': 'Tony Hawk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5734,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.',
            'Author': 'Josh Billings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that will outlast it.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5747,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed.', 'Author': 'Corita Kent'}
    },
    {
        'id': 5754,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fortunately analysis is not the only way to resolve inner conflicts. Life itself still remains a very
effective therapist.',
            'Author': 'Karen Horney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5761,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.',
            'Author': 'Alfred Adler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.',
            'Author': 'Napoleon Hill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to 
do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?",
            'Author': 'Aldous Huxley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5782,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {'id': 5788, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life must be lived as play.', 'Author': 'Plato'}},
    {
        'id': 5793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, 
you'll succeed.",
            'Author': 'Juliana Hatfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I 
hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.",
            'Author': 'John Lennon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5804,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings.',
            'Author': 'Henri Frederic Amiel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5810,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It's 
called living.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5822,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.",
            'Author': 'Yoko Ono'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with 
education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.',
            'Author': 'Jiddu Krishnamurti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5835,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them
all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be 
the same again.',
            'Author': 'Og Mandino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in
life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life.',
            'Author': 'A. P. J. Abdul Kalam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5849,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.',
            'Author': 'Muhammad Ali'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial 
into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger 
into a friend.',
            'Author': 'Melody Beattie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.',
            'Author': 'Langston Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5871,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the 
leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the
seed which rises in the spring.',
            'Author': 'William Alexander'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.',
            'Author': 'A. P. J. Abdul Kalam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5895,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any 
time.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sixty-four thousand dollars for a question, I hope they are asking you the meaning of life.',
            'Author': 'Paul Scofield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears
from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the 
guidance of virtue.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5903,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its 
own.',
            'Author': 'Jackson Pollock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5906,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want 
to.",
            'Author': 'Jimi Hendrix,  Jimi Hendrix - Axis: Bold as Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to 
God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'",
            'Author': 'Billy Graham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5915,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the
brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the 
way to success.',
            'Author': 'Swami Vivekananda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Transformation is a process, and as life happens there are tons of ups and downs. It's a journey of 
discovery - there are moments on mountaintops and moments in deep valleys of despair.",
            'Author': 'Rick Warren'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5924,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.',
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5932,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've cried, and you'd think I'd be better for it, but the sadness just sleeps, and it stays in my 
spine the rest of my life.",
            'Author': 'Conor Oberst'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could.',
            'Author': 'Evel Knievel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5945,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5948,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One day I decided that I was beautiful, and so I carried out my life as if I was a beautiful girl. I 
wear colors that I really like, I wear makeup that makes me feel pretty, and it really helps. It doesn't have anything to 
do with how the world perceives you. What matters is what you see.",
            'Author': 'Gabourey Sidibe'
        }
    },
    {'id': 5950, 'record': {'Quote': "People with no humor, they're outta my life.", 'Author': 'Patti LaBelle'}},
    {
        'id': 5954,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is all about evolution. What looks like a mistake to others has been a milestone in my life. 
Even if people have betrayed me, even if my heart was broken, even if people misunderstood or judged me, I have learned 
from these incidents. We are human and we make mistakes, but learning from them is what makes the difference.',
            'Author': 'Amisha Patel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5962,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, 
liberty or possessions.',
            'Author': 'John Locke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5968,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.',
            'Author': 'Rabindranath Tagore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is 
a complex matter.',
            'Author': 'Walt Disney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I love life. There's so much to learn and see all the time, and nothing nicer for me than to wake up,
and the sky is blue.",
            'Author': 'Pattie Boyd'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Hope is the most exciting thing in life, and if you honestly believe that love is out there, it will 
come. And even if it doesn't come straight away, there is still that chance all through your life that it will.",
            'Author': 'Josh Hartnett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5987,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't walk through life just playing football. Don't walk through life just being an athlete. 
Athletics will fade. Character and integrity and really making an impact on someone's life, that's the ultimate vision, 
that's the ultimate goal - bottom line.",
            'Author': 'Ray Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5993,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.",
            'Author': 'Michael Jordan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 5996,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches 
you a lesson.",
            'Author': 'Tom Bodett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6002,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the 
obstacles which he has overcome.',
            'Author': 'Booker T. Washington'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a game of cards. The hand you are dealt is determinism; the way you play it is free 
will.',
            'Author': 'Jawaharlal Nehru'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am a firm believer that God has already ordered the things that have taken place in my life... and 
I'm just learning to follow the path he's laid before me.",
            'Author': 'Monica Denise Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life, liberty, and property do not exist because men have made laws. On the contrary, it was the fact
that life, liberty, and property existed beforehand that caused men to make laws in the first place.',
            'Author': 'Frederic Bastiat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6020,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can 
become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.",
            'Author': 'Rumi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6024,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never be afraid to meet to the hilt the demand of either work, or friendship - two of life's major 
assets.",
            'Author': 'Eleanor Robson Belmont'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People in real life don't get ballplayers' humor, the way we talk in the clubhouse.",
            'Author': 'Justin Verlander'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6032,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life.',
            'Author': 'Imelda Marcos'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6037,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of 
your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.",
            'Author': 'Zig Ziglar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6038,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to find that defining moment that you're satisfied and you've done what you want to do in your
life.",
            'Author': 'Tyson Gay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6039,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in having one partner for your whole life, but I hope I get married. I want to have a
husband and two kids and a nice little life baking pies. I'm quite romantic. It's definitely important to have someone make
you feel special.",
            'Author': 'Hilary Duff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6043,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the 
people you want to have love you actually do love you.",
            'Author': 'Warren Buffett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6044,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Although you may spend your life killing, You will not exhaust all your foes. But if you quell your 
own anger, your real enemy will be slain.',
            'Author': 'Nagarjuna'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and 
something to hope for.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Addison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6054,
        'record': {'Quote': 'In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.', 'Author': 'Hugh Hefner'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6065,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most of us have learned the hard way that there are very few things you can absolutely count on in 
life.',
            'Author': 'Graydon Carter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6070,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Norway or Switzerland are two marvelous countries, I very much admire, the most advanced countries in
the world in fact with great qualities of life.',
            'Author': 'Jose Manuel Barroso'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6073,
        'record': {'Quote': "I don't want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.", 'Author': 'Ernst Fischer'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life 
and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.',
            'Author': 'Sophia Loren'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the Puritans, the God-centered life meant making the quest for spiritual and moral holiness the 
great business of life.',
            'Author': 'Leland Ryken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting 
animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. 
The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.",
            'Author': 'Abbie Cornish'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Adjusting to the passage of time, I think, is a key to success and to life: just being able to roll 
with the punches.',
            'Author': 'Dolly Parton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6084,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you go out to Hollywood you'll find a lot of fantastic plastic people there in the business and a 
lot of people in life generally. They find it so hard to be themselves that they have to be plastic.",
            'Author': 'Jimmy Cliff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6090,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Offence is important; that's how you know you care about things. Imagine a life where you're not 
offended. So dull.",
            'Author': 'Marcus Brigstocke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a 
new friend, a new love, a new country.',
            'Author': 'Anais Nin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God intended Earth. God intended the waters. God intended you and me. We were created in the image 
and the likeness of God; we are holograms, if you will. So the power, the presence, the energy is within you and me. The 
energy of God, as life, is within each of us.',
            'Author': 'Mary Manin Morrissey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6102,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater,
or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll
be an old man before you know it.",
            'Author': 'Al Lopez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6105,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have 
shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it.",
            'Author': 'Mike Krzyzewski'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6106,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The half hour between waking and rising has all my life proved propitious to any task which was 
exercising my invention... It was always when I first opened my eyes that the desired ideas thronged upon me.',
            'Author': 'Walter Scott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6113,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I was born with this. It's a hereditary genetic condition. This is something you can go your whole 
life without really knowing that something's wrong. I had high blood pressure, and that was the first sign.",
            'Author': 'Steven Cojocaru'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would like to live a day in the life of an ant and hope not to get squashed.',
            'Author': 'Kiowa Gordon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of 
targets.',
            'Author': 'Nido Qubein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6127,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Self-esteem comes from who you have in your life. How you were raised. What you struggled with as a 
child.',
            'Author': 'Halle Berry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6128,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'During my life I have seen, known, and lost too much to be the prey of vain dread; and, as for the 
hope of immortality, I am as weary of that as I am of gods and kings. For my own sake only I write this; and herein I 
differ from all other writers, past and to come.',
            'Author': 'Mika Waltari'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6131,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first 
instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.',
            'Author': 'Theodore Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The 'Course in Miracles' says one day you will realize that death is not the punishment but the 
reward. And it says that birth is not the beginning of life but a continuation. And physical death is not the end of life 
but a continuation.",
            'Author': 'Marianne Williamson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6140,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it's one damn thing over and over.",
            'Author': 'Edna St. Vincent Millay'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6146, 'record': {'Quote': 'I feel 80% of my life is completely normal.', 'Author': 'J. K. Rowling'}},
    {
        'id': 6151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Written in 1895, Alfred Nobel's will endowed prizes for scientific research in chemistry, physics, 
and medicine. At that time, these fields were narrowly defined, and researchers were often classically trained in only one 
discipline. In the late 19th century, knowledge of science was not a requisite for success in other walks of life.",
            'Author': 'Peter Agre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "With the price of life these days, you've got to get everything for free you can.",
            'Author': 'Carl Rogers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't ever give my opinion. Opinions I have about anything are in my personal life.",
            'Author': 'Al Pacino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The joy which answers to prayer give, cannot be described; and the impetus which they afford to the 
spiritual life is exceedingly great.',
            'Author': 'George Muller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6172,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of any stopping place in life, it is good to ask whether it will be a good place from which to go on 
as well as a good place to remain.',
            'Author': 'Mary Catherine Bateson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6176,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.',
            'Author': 'A. J. McLean'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6180,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My whole life was foretold to me. An old Romany gypsy read my fortune.',
            'Author': "Maureen O'Hara"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6185,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of 
being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.',
            'Author': 'Og Mandino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Inner-life questions are the kind everyone asks, with or without benefit of God-talk: 'Does my life 
have meaning and purpose?' 'Do I have gifts that the world wants and needs?' 'Whom and what shall I serve?' 'Whom and what 
can I trust?' 'How can I rise above my fears?'",
            'Author': 'Parker Palmer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6194,
        'record': {'Quote': 'If life had a second edition, how I would correct the proofs.', 'Author': 'John Clare'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6215,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for each other?',
            'Author': 'George Eliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6222,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we 
yearn to be.',
            'Author': 'Jose Ortega y Gasset'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6228, 'record': {'Quote': 'There is no wealth but life.', 'Author': 'John Ruskin'}},
    {'id': 6234, 'record': {'Quote': 'The less routine the more life.', 'Author': 'Amos Bronson Alcott'}},
    {
        'id': 6240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our entire life - consists ultimately in accepting ourselves as we are.',
            'Author': 'Jean Anouilh'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6248, 'record': {'Quote': 'Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.', 'Author': 'Albert Einstein'}},
    {'id': 6255, 'record': {'Quote': "Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even.", 'Author': 'Horace'}},
    {
        'id': 6264,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6276,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground.',
            'Author': 'Gilbert K. Chesterton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.",
            'Author': 'Jean-Michel Basquiat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.",
            'Author': 'Richard L. Evans'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is difficult for everyone; everyone has bad days. Everyone has trouble in their life, because it
doesn't matter how rich you are: Sickness and trouble and worry and love, these things will mess with you at every level of
life.",
            'Author': 'Domhnall Gleeson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6301,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Bronte'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6309,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6317,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is like a trumpet - if you don't put anything into it, you don't get anything out of it.",
            'Author': 'William Christopher Handy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole
life believing that it is stupid.',
            'Author': 'Anonymous'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6325, 'record': {'Quote': 'I want to live my life, not record it.', 'Author': 'Jackie Kennedy'}},
    {
        'id': 6345,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the 
experience of being alive.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I really love baseball. The guys and the game, and I love the challenge of describing things. The 
only thing I hate - and I know you have to be realistic and pay the bills in this life - is the loneliness on the road.',
            'Author': 'Vin Scully'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his 
life.',
            'Author': 'James Allen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6370,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do you realize that you can't play the game of life with sweaty palms?",
            'Author': 'Phil McGraw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6376,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you 
understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life 
will become a beautiful success.',
            'Author': 'Louisa May Alcott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6378,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Books, I don't know what you see in them. I can understand a person reading them, but I can't for the
life of me see why people have to write them.",
            'Author': 'Peter Ustinov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6381,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life 
and art. It is the color of love.",
            'Author': 'Marc Chagall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6385,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For me, no ideological or political conviction would justify the sacrifice of a human life. For me, 
the value of life is absolute, with no concessions. It's not negotiable.",
            'Author': 'Edgar Ramirez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Butler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I 
have learned in my life I've found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying.",
            'Author': 'Wilt Chamberlain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6399,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better 
world, beyond the horizon.',
            'Author': 'Franklin D. Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Well, my life hasn't really changed... I've been homeschooled for a long time. So that helped a lot 
because of shooting and stuff. But, I have had friends who I've been friends with for years and years and they are my true 
friends, you know?",
            'Author': 'Willow Shields'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6404, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is not an exact science, it is an art.', 'Author': 'Samuel Butler'}},
    {
        'id': 6408,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and 
good success in your life.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Prince'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6409,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the 
world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage
can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.",
            'Author': 'Michelle Obama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Oh, man, if in real life I was as cool and suave as Coach Taylor and had all the answers, things 
would be easier.',
            'Author': 'Kyle Chandler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6417,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're so terrified of death in Western culture that we have to make up a myth of an afterlife. I 
think there's something to be said for living your life very mindful of the fact that you're going to die because I think 
you carry yourself differently. It doesn't have to be this big, negative bummer.",
            'Author': 'Steve Earle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being incarcerated is truly very serious, and it has changed my life to such an extent that breaking 
the cycle has become my sole focus. Jail is definitely not cool. Education is.',
            'Author': 'Ja Rule'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I like tricks; I like to dazzle. Dribbling and leaving your opponent on his backside is what life is 
for. If I achieve what I want to, then I'll mark a distinct era in football. I'm the Che Guevara of modern soccer.",
            'Author': 'Sergio Aguero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6437,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you 
look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? 
Look within yourself.',
            'Author': 'Celine Dion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6439,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have a lot of sympathy for young people because I realize how disturbed I was. How would I deal 
with life in the future? What would I do for a living?',
            'Author': 'Clyde Tombaugh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief 
reason for which we sought it has passed away.',
            'Author': 'Ellen Glasgow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6447,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that some endeavor to throw the mantle of romance over the subject and treat woman like some 
ideal existence, not liable to the ills of life. Let those deal in fancy who have nothing better to deal in; we have to do 
with sober, sad realities, with stubborn facts.',
            'Author': 'Ernestine Rose'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6448,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm very confident that Nick Hornby always gets it right as a writer. He has the vernacular and 
passion. He is adroit and dry, and balances humor with the humanity of life.",
            'Author': 'Pierce Brosnan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6453,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've got an overactive brain. I enjoy work, I enjoy life, and I'm not good at relaxing. I've also 
never slept very much due to this overactive imagination and my brain constantly thinking.",
            'Author': 'Rick Wakeman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with 
another.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Merton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6461,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My success set me up for life, and it meant that I could retire from the music industry at 27 to 
spend time with my newborn daughter and my wife. My time away from the spotlight allowed me to rediscover my love for 
music, and I'm doing it for me now and no one else.",
            'Author': 'Rick Astley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, 
friendship is never anything but sharing.',
            'Author': 'Elie Wiesel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6471,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is as integral to me as my own DNA. My life has become a continual soundtrack, with music 
underscoring the most powerful and even the most banal moments of my life.',
            'Author': 'Danielle de Niese'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The roles of art, morality, religion, political faith, science itself are not to repair organic 
exhaustion nor to provide sound functioning of the organs. All this supraphysical life is built and expanded not because of
the demands of the cosmic environment but because of the demands of the social environment.',
            'Author': 'Emile Durkheim'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6479,
        'record': {'Quote': "One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.", 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.',
            'Author': 'John Irving'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I used to go and flatten my nose against that window and absorb all I could of his art. It changed my
life. I saw art then as I wanted to see it.',
            'Author': 'Mary Cassatt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6492,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can make positive deposits in your own economy every day by reading and listening to powerful, 
positive, life-changing content and by associating with encouraging and hope-building people.',
            'Author': 'Zig Ziglar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6493,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the 
public Lana.",
            'Author': 'Lana Turner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6500,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The goal is to live a full, productive life even with all that ambiguity. No matter what happens, 
whether the cancer never flares up again or whether you die, the important thing is that the days that you have had you 
will have lived.',
            'Author': 'Gilda Radner'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6501, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is just so much fun and so filled with humor.', 'Author': 'Foster Friess'}},
    {
        'id': 6506,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's paradoxical, that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting 
old doesn't appeal to anyone.",
            'Author': 'Andy Rooney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6508,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Lord has been there from wanting to be a momma, to having a wonderful childhood life and dreaming
of having a good motherhood as a child; always wanting to meet a good old country boy and having someone to love as much as
I love my husband Roland and having a little boy that is a mixture of the both of us.',
            'Author': 'Ashton Shepherd'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to
win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there
would be nothing to be achieved.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Smiles'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The month of November makes me feel that life is passing more quickly. In an effort to slow it down, 
I try to fill the hours more meaningfully.',
            'Author': 'Henry Rollins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6529,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As comedians, we are all laughing because life is so horrible. Life is so difficult, and I cope with 
it by making jokes about absolutely everything.',
            'Author': 'Joan Rivers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6537,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I trust that when people meet, we meet for a transcendent reason, and that the challenges we face in 
life are always lessons that serve our soul's growth.",
            'Author': 'Marianne Williamson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6542,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the 
people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and 
have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.',
            'Author': 'Josh Turner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All of life and human relations have become so incomprehensibly complex that, when you think about 
it, it becomes terrifying and your heart stands still.',
            'Author': 'Anton Chekhov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts 
some people you love.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another.",
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you would only recognize that life is hard, things would be so much easier for you.',
            'Author': 'Louis D. Brandeis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6561,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.', 'Author': 'Pablo Picasso'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have known since the 1800s that carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere. The right amount 
keeps the climate conducive to human life.',
            'Author': 'James Hansen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of 
talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.",
            'Author': 'Erma Bombeck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6572,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Well, I think breathing life into the Endangered Species Act, taking those wolves back into 
Yellowstone, restoring the salmon in the rivers of the Pacific Northwest.',
            'Author': 'Bruce Babbitt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6577,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways - either by losing hope and falling into 
self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength. Thanks to the teachings of Buddha, I have 
been able to take this second way.',
            'Author': 'Dalai Lama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6579,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The thing about Mumbai is you go five yards and all of human existence is revealed. It's an 
incredible cavalcade of life, and I love that.",
            'Author': 'Julian Sands'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6581,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if 
you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being 
funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.",
            'Author': 'Terry Bradshaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope to live all my life for my art, without abandoning my principles one iota.',
            'Author': 'Gustave Courbet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.",
            'Author': 'Robert W. Service'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We know there is gravity because apples fall from trees. We can observe gravity in daily life. If we 
could throw an apple to the edge of the universe, we would observe it accelerating.',
            'Author': 'Adam Riess'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6594,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.',
            'Author': 'Winston Churchill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6600,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The spirit of Christmas is the spirit of love and of generosity and of goodness. It illuminates the 
picture window of the soul, and we look out upon the world's busy life and become more interested in people than in 
things.",
            'Author': 'Thomas S. Monson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6608,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the 
rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'W. C. Fields'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former 
and have seen no reason to change.',
            'Author': 'Frank Lloyd Wright'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6620,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is
the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.',
            'Author': 'Brian Tracy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6629,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Children astound me with their inquisitive minds. The world is wide and mysterious to them, and as 
they piece together the puzzle of life, they ask 'Why?' ceaselessly.",
            'Author': 'John C. Maxwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is something really horrific for any human being who feels he is being consumed by other 
people. I'm talking about a writer's critics, who don't address what you've written, but want to probe into your existence 
and magnify the trivia of your life without any sense of humor, without any sense of context.",
            'Author': 'Wole Soyinka'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6637, 'record': {'Quote': 'God never promised us a trouble-free life.', 'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'}},
    {
        'id': 6643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.",
            'Author': 'Woody Allen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to 
inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.',
            'Author': 'Mattie Stepanek'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6651,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when
it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.",
            'Author': 'John Wayne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6658,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Certainly my personality, my sense of humor, my outlook on life was informed by the experiences of my
parents and the stories they shared with me.',
            'Author': 'Geddy Lee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6659,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.',
            'Author': 'Reba McEntire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6667,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.',
            'Author': 'Soren Kierkegaard'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6668, 'record': {'Quote': 'To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.', 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}},
    {
        'id': 6676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has 
brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father.',
            'Author': 'Frank Abagnale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6678,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in 
the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.',
            'Author': 'Agnes Martin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6680,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  Someone Like You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make 
the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or 
failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's like Forrest Gump said, 'Life is like a box of chocolates.' Your career is like a box of 
chocolates - you never know what you're going to get. But everything you get is going to teach you something along the way 
and make you the person you are today. That's the exciting part - it's an adventure in itself.",
            'Author': 'Nick Carter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6698,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.',
            'Author': 'Corazon Aquino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out 
inside.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life 
wash us a little farther up the shore.',
            'Author': 'Cyril Connolly'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If one tends to be a humorous person and you have a sense of humor the rest of your life then you can
certainly lighten the load, I think, by bringing that to your trials and tribulations. It's easy to have a sense of humor 
when everything is going well.",
            'Author': 'Alan Thicke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have so much chaos in my life, it's become normal. You become used to it. You have to just relax, 
calm down, take a deep breath and try to see how you can make things work rather than complain about how they're wrong.",
            'Author': 'Tom Welling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6732,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Someone has to die in order that the rest of us should value life more.',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The things that have always been important: to be a good man, to try to live my life the way God 
would have me, to turn it over to Him that His will might be worked in my life, to do my work without looking back, to give
it all I've got, and to take pride in my work as an honest performer.",
            'Author': 'Johnny Cash'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6744,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I consider myself to have a decent sense of humor. What's life without a sense of humor?",
            'Author': 'Mayer Hawthorne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6745,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In life, you can blame a lot of people and you can wallow in self-pity, or you can pick yourself up 
and say, 'Listen, I have to be responsible for myself.'",
            'Author': 'Howard Schultz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their 
proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even 
respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my 
choices.",
            'Author': 'Kirk Cameron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live
your life.",
            'Author': 'Joel Osteen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6771,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that I will never find my father in any other man who comes into my life, because it is a void
in my life that can only be filled by him.',
            'Author': 'Halle Berry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6784,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the 
unexpected to happen.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life 
is to end up with people who make you feel alone.",
            'Author': 'Robin Williams'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6796, 'record': {'Quote': 'Memories are the best things in life, I think.', 'Author': 'Romy Schneider'}},
    {
        'id': 6804,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In this life struggle, here I am among you fully cognizant that a true believer has no fear of what 
God has ordained for him. Those who are visited by fear live only for their present, under the illusion that the world 
began with them and will end with their departure.',
            'Author': 'King Hussein I'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6806,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I 
want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones 
and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope to stay unemployed as a war photographer till the end of my life.',
            'Author': 'Robert Capa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't black and white. It's a million gray areas, don't you find?",
            'Author': 'Ridley Scott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One of my defining beliefs is that Jesus Christ has taken all of my guilt before God, and that he has
been raised from the dead. That gives incredible hope and meaning to every day of my life - that nothing done in this world
is wasted when it's done for him and his glory, and that there will be a day of justice and reward for the entire world.",
            'Author': 'Joshua Harris'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6817, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is short, the art long.', 'Author': 'Hippocrates'}},
    {
        'id': 6827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's never nice to lose someone close to you; unfortunately, life goes on, and we have to make peace 
with it and move on.",
            'Author': 'Francois Hougaard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6835,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also
very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.',
            'Author': 'A. R. Rahman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I get asked, 'How can you have such failures in your films?' Well, what else is life about? There's 
some sense of constant failure in something. Humor gives you a distance from it.",
            'Author': 'Alexander Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is 
quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and 
person.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Schopenhauer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I got my first camera when I was 21 - my boyfriend gave it to me for my birthday - but at that point 
politics was my life, and I viewed the camera as a tool for expressing my political beliefs rather than as an art medium.',
            'Author': 'Carrie Mae Weems'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6859, 'record': {'Quote': 'Beware the barrenness of a busy life.', 'Author': 'Socrates'}},
    {
        'id': 6864,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.', 'Author': 'Hans Christian Andersen'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6865,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not saying that love always takes you to heaven. Your life can become a nightmare. But that said,
it is worth taking the risk.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6871, 'record': {'Quote': "A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.", 'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'}},
    {'id': 6880, 'record': {'Quote': 'There is more to life than increasing its speed.', 'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'}},
    {
        'id': 6886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition 
of your life; define yourself.",
            'Author': 'Harvey Fierstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.",
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6909, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is too short for long-term grudges.', 'Author': 'Elon Musk'}},
    {'id': 6925, 'record': {'Quote': 'The only disability in life is a bad attitude.', 'Author': 'Scott Hamilton'}},
    {
        'id': 6932,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it.',
            'Author': 'Ernest Holmes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do
what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep
looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6940,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise.", 'Author': 'George Gershwin'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6945,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want everything I do to have humor in it, because it seems to me that all of life has that.',
            'Author': 'Lawrence Kasdan'
        }
    },
    {'id': 6946, 'record': {'Quote': 'Our life is what our thoughts make it.', 'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius'}},
    {
        'id': 6953,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Smiles'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6965,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world.',
            'Author': 'Elie Wiesel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6966,
        'record': {'Quote': 'There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.', 'Author': 'George Sand'}
    },
    {
        'id': 6974,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the 
wishbone.',
            'Author': 'Robert Frost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6975,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - 
realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.',
            'Author': 'Sai Baba'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 6985,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Over the years I've learned how to lock myself up in a prison of hope, knowing that God has nothing 
but His best planned for me. He promised me things concerning my ministry and my life.",
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7003, 'record': {'Quote': 'No man is a failure who is enjoying life.', 'Author': 'William Feather'}},
    {
        'id': 7010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.',
            'Author': 'Johann Wolfgang von Goethe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, 
and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have 
learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.",
            'Author': 'Johnny Weir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7014,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Hope and purpose in this world is living as best as you can and maybe having life that gives back. 
But simply giving back isn't purpose; it's a branch of purpose, but it is not the trunk or root of the tree.",
            'Author': 'Nick Vujicic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, 
service was joy.',
            'Author': 'Rabindranath Tagore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing 
nothing.',
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7035,
        'record': {'Quote': "We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.", 'Author': 'Lauryn Hill'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7036,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Rubinstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7038,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Some people have been kind enough to call me a fine artist. I've always called myself an illustrator.
I'm not sure what the difference is. All I know is that whatever type of work I do, I try to give it my very best. Art has 
been my life.",
            'Author': 'Norman Rockwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you truly believe in the value of life, you care about all of the weakest and most vulnerable 
members of society.',
            'Author': 'Joni Eareckson Tada'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7050,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A lot of life is dealing with your curse, dealing with the cards you were given that aren't so nice. 
Does it make you into a monster, or can you temper it in some way, or accept it and go in some other direction?",
            'Author': 'Wes Craven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7055,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After spending 460 days as a hostage, I did emerge a fundamentally changed person. But I think, like 
everyone does as they grow older and probably wiser, I can look back at my earlier life - my history, my mistakes, the joy 
I felt as a young woman traveling the world - with some objectivity and even some humor.',
            'Author': 'Amanda Lindhout'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7056,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one 
where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's 
already really good.",
            'Author': 'Dan Savage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7060,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and
escaped being eaten?',
            'Author': 'Logan Pearsall Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7063,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I try to show the public that chemistry, biology, physics, astrophysics is life. It is not some 
separate subject that you have to be pulled into a corner to be taught about.',
            'Author': 'Neil deGrasse Tyson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7064,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not 
terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and 
compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease.',
            'Author': 'Bernie Siegel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7071,
        'record': {'Quote': "No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.", 'Author': 'Thomas Moore'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7079,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A lot of my life happened in great, wonderful bursts of good fortune, and then I would race to be 
worthy of it.',
            'Author': 'Julie Andrews'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is an illusion. I am held together in the nothingness by art.',
            'Author': 'Anselm Kiefer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7087,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Jerry Seinfeld is amazing in many ways, not the least of them his ability to find humor, and 
convincing us to find it, too, in the million-and-two details about modern life that under different circumstances might 
send us into paroxysms of rage.',
            'Author': 'Tom Shales'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7088, 'record': {'Quote': 'Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life.', 'Author': 'Joe Clark'}},
    {
        'id': 7097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to 
my taste.',
            'Author': 'Carter Burwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No man has a right to expect to succeed in life unless he understands his business, and nobody can 
understand his business thoroughly unless he learns it by personal application and experience.',
            'Author': 'P. T. Barnum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7104,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To kind of go through life not caring is a spectacular attribute. It's one I wish I had.",
            'Author': 'Neil Cross'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7111,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The contemplative life is often miserable. One must act more, think less, and not watch oneself 
live.',
            'Author': 'Nicolas Chamfort'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I collect art, and I drink wine... things that I like that I had never been exposed to. But I never 
said, 'I'm going to buy art to impress this crowd.' That's just ridiculous to me. I don't live my life like that, because 
how could you be happy with yourself?",
            'Author': 'Jay-Z'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to 
believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not 
because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two 
separate beings to hinge together.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Blue-Eyed Devil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7129,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his 
life.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Jingo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7133,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.",
            'Author': 'Walter Cronkite'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to 
objects, and not to individuals, or to life.',
            'Author': 'Michel Foucault'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7140,
        'record': {'Quote': "It's taken me all my life to learn what not to play.", 'Author': 'Dizzy Gillespie'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.',
            'Author': 'George V. Higgins,  The Friends of Eddie Coyle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7147,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.',
            'Author': 'Bessie Anderson Stanley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is best to be born in April or August when the life-giving Sun is in its exaltation sign Aries or 
Leo, its home, for then we enter the sea of life on the crest-wave and are backed in the battle of existence by an abundant
fund of vim and energy.',
            'Author': 'Max Heindel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7156,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've had such a satisfying life professionally and personally. I hope my tombstone says, 'Never 
boring.'",
            'Author': 'Alan Dershowitz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want to succeed at any job, make yourself invaluable. Go the extra mile; make them never be 
able to imagine what life without you there would be like.',
            'Author': 'Ross Mathews'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7164,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm just living my life, and I'm not gonna live my life for other people.",
            'Author': 'Taylor Momsen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7171,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't like dreams or reality. I like when dreams become reality because that is my life.",
            'Author': 'Jean Paul Gaultier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7177,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't want to be put on a pedestal. I just want to be reasonably successful and live a normal life 
with all the conveniences to make it so.",
            'Author': 'Althea Gibson'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7183, 'record': {'Quote': "Life's a bit like mountaineering - never look down.", 'Author': 'Edmund Hillary'}},
    {
        'id': 7189,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't think anybody should ever take their life for being bullied. But if it wasn't for my 
family... and my circle of friends, I could definitely see why someone would see it doesn't get any better than this, but 
it does. Life is so beautiful.",
            'Author': 'Khloe Kardashian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7195,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Last Wednesday, I stupidly dropped my iPhone in the bath, and my life has sort of spiraled almost out
of control.',
            'Author': 'Patrick Stewart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7205,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have a deep love for life and my fellow human beings. I try to understand everything that everybody
does, even if it seems wrong to me.',
            'Author': 'Steve Vai'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7214,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we think of the ideal, we do not add virtue to virtue, but think of Jesus Christ, so that the 
standard of human life is no longer a code, but a character.',
            'Author': 'E. Stanley Jones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7218,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right 
times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Rescue'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7219,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.",
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People ask for this life, but they don't really understand what comes with it. People just see the 
outside and that looks good - big houses, cars, girls, but you never see how the person is feeling deep down inside. Me 
personally, being a man, I'm going to feel better displaying all of this and pouring my heart out on each record.",
            'Author': 'Bow Wow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7235,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have been insane on the subject of moneymaking all my life.',
            'Author': 'Cornelius Vanderbilt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7241,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I get very little sleep. But I try to stay constantly busy. My fear is that if I stop working I'll, 
like, die. So throughout my life I've always tried to remain busy, and I sort of know no other way. I think if my heart 
rate slowed it would affect my constitution, strangely. I've been trained to do that.",
            'Author': 'Matthew Gray Gubler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7245,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in 
life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.',
            'Author': 'Booker T. Washington'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7248,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning
and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.',
            'Author': 'Erich Fromm'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7250,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.',
            'Author': 'Stella Adler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7258,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.",
            'Author': 'Lucius Annaeus Seneca'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7261,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, 
caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Addison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in 
life.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Conrad'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7266,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead.',
            'Author': 'Morihei Ueshiba'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7273,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for 
us.',
            'Author': 'E. M. Forster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7276,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Morley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it.',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability 
to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.",
            'Author': 'Cathy Guisewite'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7288,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers 
wisdom.',
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made 
them for me. That's what life is.",
            'Author': 'B. F. Skinner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7297,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.', 'Author': 'Khalil Gibran'}
    },
    {'id': 7303, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a horizontal fall.', 'Author': 'Jean Cocteau'}},
    {'id': 7333, 'record': {'Quote': "Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.", 'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'}},
    {
        'id': 7338,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I 
treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7344, 'record': {'Quote': 'Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.', 'Author': 'Socrates'}},
    {
        'id': 7350,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The sparrow that is twittering on the edge of my balcony is calling up to me this moment a world of 
memories that reach over half my lifetime, and a world of hope that stretches farther than any flight of sparrows.',
            'Author': 'Donald G. Mitchell'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7352, 'record': {'Quote': 'The greatest pleasure of life is love.', 'Author': 'Euripides'}},
    {
        'id': 7353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.',
            'Author': 'Wilson Mizner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7359,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, 
thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you
never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.",
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7367,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance.',
            'Author': 'Mignon McLaughlin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7369,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way 
of enhancing life.',
            'Author': 'Robert Mondavi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7376,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either 
to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.',
            'Author': 'Sun Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Work/life benefits allow companies meaningful ways for responding to their employees' needs; they can
be a powerful tool for transforming a workforce and driving a business' success.",
            'Author': 'Anne M. Mulcahy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7378,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think you grow wherever God plants you. I hope I'm growing as a person of faith, as a Christian. 
That should be our number one objective this journey of life. That all starts with a personal intimate relationship with 
Christ and then being in prayer every single day about all of those things - being tenacious about it.",
            'Author': 'J. C. Watts'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7380, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a lively process of becoming.', 'Author': 'Douglas MacArthur'}},
    {
        'id': 7392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hope that by modeling feminism in my own life, work and relationships that it will haut become an 
organic part of my daughter's life. But I'm also fully prepared for her to become a Republican as a way to rebel as a 
teenager - that would be just my luck!",
            'Author': 'Jessica Valenti'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7394, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is made up of marble and mud.', 'Author': 'Nathaniel Hawthorne'}},
    {
        'id': 7397,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Death ends a life, not a relationship.', 'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything 
special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without 
my ever seeking it.',
            'Author': 'Audrey Hepburn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7418,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'",
            'Author': 'Sydney J. Harris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.',
            'Author': 'John Lennon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.',
            'Author': 'Leonardo da Vinci'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have this idyllic love life, but my mind just won't accept that. I would like to bring a new guy 
home every night. I try to make humor out of that situation.",
            'Author': 'Jen Kirkman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7444,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Why should we think upon things that are lovely? Because thinking determines life. It is a common 
habit to blame life upon the environment. Environment modifies life but does not govern life. The soul is stronger than its
surroundings.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7446,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To so enter into it in nature and art that the enjoyed meanings of life may become a part of living 
is the attitude of aesthetic appreciation.',
            'Author': 'George Herbert Mead'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7448,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and
freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard.',
            'Author': 'Mahmoud Abbas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7449,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I think in life, the sense of humor and comedy always exists.', 'Author': 'Mike Epps'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7450,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of 
inestimable value.',
            'Author': 'Desmond Tutu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is no short cut to achievement. Life requires thorough preparation - veneer isn't worth 
anything.",
            'Author': 'George Washington Carver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7461,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different 
reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a 
person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.",
            'Author': 'Eddie Vedder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7467,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.', 'Author': 'Joseph Addison'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I 
don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities.",
            'Author': 'Ryan Sheckler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever
had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always
be yours.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7477,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When one realizes that his life is worthless he either commits suicide or travels.',
            'Author': 'Edward Dahlberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really hate sitcoms on television with canned laughter and stuff. What really makes me laugh is the
real-life stuff. I've got a dry sense of humor.",
            'Author': 'Katie Price'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7486,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a landscape. You live in the midst of it but can describe it only from the vantage point
of distance.',
            'Author': 'Charles Lindbergh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7487,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the
realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.',
            'Author': 'Emmet Fox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7494,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never die easy. Why run out of bounds and die easy? Make that linebacker pay. It carries into all 
facets of your life. It's okay to lose, to die, but don't die without trying, without giving it your best.",
            'Author': 'Walter Payton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7501,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life has evolved to thrive in environments that are extreme only by our limited human standards: in 
the boiling battery acid of Yellowstone hot springs, in the cracks of permanent ice sheets, in the cooling waters of 
nuclear reactors, miles beneath the Earth's crust, in pure salt crystals, and inside the rocks of the dry valleys of 
Antarctica.",
            'Author': 'Jill Tarter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the 
colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.',
            'Author': 'Francis Bacon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I remember a specific moment, watching my grandmother hang the clothes on the line, and her saying to
me, 'you are going to have to learn to do this,' and me being in that space of awareness and knowing that my life would not
be the same as my grandmother's life.",
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our hope in life beyond death is a hope made possible, not by some general sentimental belief in life
after death, but by our participation in the life of Christ.',
            'Author': 'Stanley Hauerwas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7529,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In education, technology can be a life-changer, a game changer, for kids who are both in school and 
out of school. Technology can bring textbooks to life. The Internet can connect students to their peers in other parts of 
the world. It can bridge the quality gaps.',
            'Author': 'Queen Rania of Jordan'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7532, 'record': {'Quote': 'You cannot find peace by avoiding life.', 'Author': 'Virginia Woolf'}},
    {
        'id': 7536,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much 
humor.',
            'Author': 'Manuel Puig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7537,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Being a survivor doesn't mean being strong - it's telling people when you need a meal or a ride, 
company, whatever. It's paying attention to heart wisdom, feelings, not living a role, but having a unique, authentic life,
having something to contribute, finding time to love and laugh. All these things are qualities of survivors.",
            'Author': 'Bernie Siegel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm just a regular person who believes life is simple, and I like a simple life.",
            'Author': 'Manny Pacquiao'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's in literature that true life can be found. It's under the mask of fiction that you can tell the 
truth.",
            'Author': 'Gao Xingjian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everyone has their own different life experiences which make them who they are. No two people's life 
experiences are the same. And mine are just unique to me.",
            'Author': 'Keshia Knight Pulliam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7562,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I went to a psychoanalyst. He explained things about my love life that I found very impressive... 
almost scary.',
            'Author': 'Britney Spears'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some 
stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and 
making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.Delicious Ambiguity.",
            'Author': 'Gilda Radner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7568,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and 
failure than from acceptance and success.",
            'Author': 'Henry Rollins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I read the script and decide if a particular character looks fun to play. I look for complexity and a
sense of humor. Those are crucial, real things to life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Buscemi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7571,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between 
friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.',
            'Author': 'Bill Murray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7577,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The comics that are just conversing with you up there and drawing on their own life, yeah, I guess 
so. I guess some do political humor, some do topical humor, but the ones that I like, the ones that are appealing to me, 
were guys who were just talking to you about their life.',
            'Author': 'Ray Romano'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7578,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I still have a Gypsy sense of adventure. I don't think I have slept in the same bed for more than 
three or four months my whole life. I am always planting vegetables that I never get to eat and flowers that I never see 
flower. I have always moved around the world.",
            'Author': 'Helen Mirren'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7595,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The real test of friendship is: can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy 
those moments of life that are utterly simple?',
            'Author': 'Eugene Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7605,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your outlook upon life, your estimate of yourself, your estimate of your value are largely colored by
your environment. Your whole career will be modified, shaped, molded by your surroundings, by the character of the people 
with whom you come in contact every day.',
            'Author': 'Orison Swett Marden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7611,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. 
Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've 
always lived my life.",
            'Author': 'Shania Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7613,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When push comes to shove, it ain't the science that's going to lift you up - it's the belief, the 
spiritual side of life, that's going to lift you up, no matter what religion you are.",
            'Author': 'Kirstie Alley'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7619, 'record': {'Quote': 'Bitterness imprisons life; love releases it.', 'Author': 'Harry Emerson Fosdick'}},
    {
        'id': 7638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to 
risk his life, in a great cause.',
            'Author': 'Theodore Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.',
            'Author': 'Shah Rukh Khan'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7646, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life itself is a quotation.', 'Author': 'Jorge Luis Borges'}},
    {
        'id': 7654,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, there is always that special person who shapes who you are, who helps to determine the 
person you become.',
            'Author': 'Molly Ringwald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My identity was a big issue when I was a teenager, and I had a lot of questions, like: 'Who am I?' 
'Who do I belong to?' But when I was still quite young, I decided that belonging is a tough process in life, and I'd better
say I belonged to myself and the world rather than belonging to one nationality or another.",
            'Author': 'Hiam Abbass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7665,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.',
            'Author': 'W. C. Fields'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7668,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The hardest thing in life to learn is which bridge to cross and which to burn.',
            'Author': 'David Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?",
            'Author': 'Ernest Hemingway'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7678,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you were to destroy the belief in immortality in mankind, not only love but every living force on 
which the continuation of all life in the world depended, would dry up at once.',
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoevsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7683,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But if you don't watch me, I will try and sneak in some humor. I see humor everywhere in life around 
me.",
            'Author': 'Marion Ross'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7684,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Morley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.",
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7696,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? One day they're gonna shut the game down. I gotta have 
as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave.",
            'Author': 'Tupac Shakur'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7698,
        'record': {'Quote': 'It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors.', 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}
    },
    {
        'id': 7702,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too short to not have fun; we are only here for a short time compared to the sun and the moon
and all that.',
            'Author': 'Coolio'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life. It provides human beings with a sense of 
destination and the energy to get started.',
            'Author': 'Norman Cousins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the
last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many 
days in a row, I know I need to change something.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all 
your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element
of living life in the present.",
            'Author': 'Mireille Guiliano'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7721,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. 
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.',
            'Author': 'Ashley Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7724,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe the target of anything in life should be to do it so well that it becomes an art.',
            'Author': 'Arsene Wenger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We cannot stop the winter or the summer from coming. We cannot stop the spring or the fall or make 
them other than they are. They are gifts from the universe that we cannot refuse. But we can choose what we will contribute
to life when each arrives.',
            'Author': 'Gary Zukav'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7733,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.',
            'Author': 'Langston Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7752,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a plan and a purpose, a value to every life, no matter what its location, age, gender or 
disability.',
            'Author': 'Sharron Angle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7758,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest 
strengths.',
            'Author': 'Drew Barrymore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish 
but have eternal life.',
            'Author': 'Jesus Christ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7771,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living 
that which makes you happy.',
            'Author': 'Al Yankovic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7774,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Loving oneself isn't hard, when you understand who and what 'yourself' is. It has nothing to do with 
the shape of your face, the size of your eyes, the length of your hair or the quality of your clothes. It's so beyond all 
of those things and it's what gives life to everything about you. Your own self is such a treasure.",
            'Author': 'Phylicia Rashad'
        }
    },
    {'id': 7776, 'record': {'Quote': 'Layer by layer art strips life bare.', 'Author': 'Robert Musil'}},
    {
        'id': 7779,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my 
friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they 
have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Edwards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7780,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The waltz is a very important part of my life. It's a very important way for me to express my 
positiveness, bringing humor to the world.",
            'Author': 'Andre Rieu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Youth is not a time of life; it is a state of mind; it is not a matter of rosy cheeks, red lips and 
supple knees; it is a matter of the will, quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions; it is the freshness of the 
deep springs of life.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Ullman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend
his whole life answering.',
            'Author': 'Nicole Krauss,  The History of Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good
government.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Jefferson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7800,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With me, what you see is what you get. Yes, call me naive, but I love life. I am happy, and for that,
I make no apologies. I do like to see the best in people, and when someone is nice to my face, I tend to believe them.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Giraud'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I always say that the times in my life when I've been happiest are the times when I've seen, like, a 
sunset.",
            'Author': 'Chris Evans'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel like skateboarding is as much of a sport as a lifestyle, and an art form, so there's so much 
that that transcends in terms of music, fashion, and entertainment.",
            'Author': 'Tony Hawk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know 
that it is.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7826,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning 
if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.',
            'Author': 'Carl Jung'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Science is a way of life. Science is a perspective. Science is the process that takes us from 
confusion to understanding in a manner that's precise, predictive and reliable - a transformation, for those lucky enough 
to experience it, that is empowering and emotional.",
            'Author': 'Brian Greene'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good
life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.',
            'Author': 'Tom Brokaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7844,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to stay up all night playing 'Resident Evil 2,' and it wouldn't stop until the sun came up. 
Then I'd walk outside at dawn's first light, looking at the empty streets of London, and it was like life imitating art. It
felt like I'd stepped into an actual zombie apocalypse.",
            'Author': 'Edgar Wright'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7849,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the 
expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly 
appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Marston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.",
            'Author': 'Abraham Lincoln'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.",
            'Author': 'Paris Hilton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7872,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.',
            'Author': 'Jean de La Fontaine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.',
            'Author': 'Lord Byron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest 
lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I
think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.",
            'Author': 'Marvin Sapp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an 
encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.",
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7889,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this 
life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work.',
            'Author': 'Tyler Perry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would argue that nothing gives life more purpose than the realization that every moment of 
consciousness is a precious and fragile gift.',
            'Author': 'Steven Pinker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7906,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days 
when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.',
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7916,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't listen to what anybody says except the people who encourage you. If it's what you want to do 
and it's within yourself, then keep going and try to do it for the rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'Jake Gyllenhaal'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7923,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I know that many of you do wear such a cross of Christ, not in any ostentatious way, not in a way 
that might harm you at your work or recreation, but a simple indication that you value the role of Jesus Christ in the 
history of the world, that you are trying to live by Christ's standards in your own daily life.",
            'Author': "Keith O'Brien"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've learned in most areas of my life, to bounce heated choices off other people. Co-workers, my 
agent, my wife, a sponsor, etc. A majority of the time, that keeps me on the right side of things.",
            'Author': 'Kurt Sutter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.',
            'Author': 'Les Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7952,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to 
make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.',
            'Author': 'Rose Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7955,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Part of what I do and what I want to do is I want to bring art into the everyday life. If you can 
take ordinary just walking in the street and you're confronted by something, that might change your day - it might inspire 
you.",
            'Author': 'Kenny Scharf'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7961,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was living an extremely burdensome life, because every time I prayed, I became more clearly aware 
of my faults. On the one hand, God was calling me. On the other, I was following the way of the world. Doing what God 
wanted made me happy; but I felt bound by the things of this world.',
            'Author': 'Saint Teresa of Avila'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7969,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness.',
            'Author': 'Maharishi Mahesh Yogi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7977,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.",
            'Author': 'Donald Trump'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A dream is what makes people love life even when it is painful.',
            'Author': 'Theodore Zeldin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7988,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems 
perpetually funny to me.",
            'Author': 'Greg Kinnear'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 7989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyone suffers some injustice in life, and what better motivation than to help others not suffer in
the same way.',
            'Author': 'Bella Thorne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8000,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling 
the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.',
            'Author': 'Henri Frederic Amiel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let every man feel that he is the architect and builder of his own life, and that he proposes to make
a success of it by working.',
            'Author': 'Heber J. Grant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8006,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'll tell you, in my life I've never once have seen a Hispanic panhandler, because in our community, 
it would be viewed as shameful to be out on the street begging. Those are all conservative values - faith, family, hard 
work, responsibility.",
            'Author': 'Ted Cruz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8015,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The world has never yet seen a truly great and virtuous nation because in the degradation of woman 
the very fountains of life are poisoned at their source.',
            'Author': 'Lucretia Mott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8017,
        'record': {'Quote': 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.', 'Author': 'Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8024,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You write the way you think about the world. My motto in times of trouble - and I'm speaking of life,
not writing - is 'no humor too black.'",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth McCracken'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8025, 'record': {'Quote': 'Loud is a way of life.', 'Author': 'Steven Adler'}},
    {'id': 8030, 'record': {'Quote': 'May you live every day of your life.', 'Author': 'Jonathan Swift'}},
    {
        'id': 8034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure 
use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.",
            'Author': 'Tony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8047, 'record': {'Quote': 'A shady business never yields a sunny life.', 'Author': 'B. C. Forbes'}},
    {
        'id': 8051,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.',
            'Author': 'Lemony Snicket'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The biggest void that people can have in their lives is a sense of humor. Spending your life with 
someone who doesn't have that wouldn't be palatable.",
            'Author': 'Howie Mandel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8059,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Hercules' was a monumental undertaking. It is the largest aircraft ever built... I put the sweat 
of my life into this thing.",
            'Author': 'Howard Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every major question in history is a religious question. It has more effect in molding life than 
nationalism or a common language.',
            'Author': 'Hilaire Belloc'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8070,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he 
has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is my aim, my destination in life to make the cello as beloved an instrument as the violin and 
piano.',
            'Author': 'Mstislav Rostropovich'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People see me laughing and telling jokes, but they had no idea after the show was over, I had no joy 
in my life, in my heart.',
            'Author': 'Steve Harvey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8084,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very 
quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience 
and to respect the fury of nature.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So many tangles in life are ultimately hopeless that we have no appropriate sword other than 
laughter.',
            'Author': 'Gordon W. Allport'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8102,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Whether you are an astronomer or a life scientist, geophysicist, or a pilot, you've got to be there 
because you believe you are good in your field, and you can contribute, not because you are going to get a lot of fame or 
whatever when you get back.",
            'Author': 'Alan Shepard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8108,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My dad was a very funny man - he's the one who taught me life would be awfully hard without humor! 
I'm sure his Irish wit in some way influenced my decision to become an actress.",
            'Author': 'Joan Cusack'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8109,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are certain things about me that I will never tell to anyone because I am a very private 
person. But basically, what you see is who I am. I'm independent, I do like to be liked, I do look for the good side of 
life and people. I'm positive, I'm disciplined, I like my life in order, and I'm neat as a pin.",
            'Author': 'Mary Tyler Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to 
get the message.',
            'Author': 'Malcolm Muggeridge'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Many people come to reinvention when life changes around them, but people come in all different 
stripes. I'm oriented to change.",
            'Author': 'Jane Pauley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8123,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in the transformation myth, where if you have more success, life changes for you.",
            'Author': 'Ben Mendelsohn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8127,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, 
sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of 
these.',
            'Author': 'George Washington Carver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.',
            'Author': 'Jackie Robinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8143,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt 
them.",
            'Author': 'Dalai Lama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime - to set an example - and when he is dead, to be an
inspiration for history.",
            'Author': 'William McKinley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8152,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I argue thee that love is life. And life hath immortality.', 'Author': 'Emily Dickinson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8160,
        'record': {'Quote': 'We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.', 'Author': 'Anaïs Nin'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8162,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You accept that this civilisation could be abolished and life will begin later on after a few 
thousand years because that is something that has happened in the history of this planet. When you have peace in yourself 
and accept, then you are calm enough to do something, but if you are carried by despair there is no hope.',
            'Author': 'Thich Nhat Hanh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8170,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really 
good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.',
            'Author': 'Zig Ziglar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8172,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday 
events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.',
            'Author': 'Claude Debussy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8174,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?",
            'Author': 'Bob Marley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8184,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.', 'Author': 'John Lennon'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with 
and all that stuff that goes along with being married. I am one of those lucky people. And I think she feels that way too. 
So the romantic stuff is easy because you want them to be happy.',
            'Author': 'Harry Connick, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.',
            'Author': 'Lou Holtz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe that's what life is... a wink of the eye and winking stars.",
            'Author': 'Jack Kerouac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8204,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As an actor, I'm attracted to drama; as a director, it's humor - because it's the story of my life, 
and I can't be that serious about it. Being alone is a big theme in all my movies, both as a director and as an actress.",
            'Author': 'Jodie Foster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8205,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to 
others.",
            'Author': 'Pierre Teilhard de Chardin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8211,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The combination of landing the biggest interview of my career and having a drill in my back reminds 
me that God only gives us what we can handle and that it helps to have a good sense of humor when we run smack into the 
absurdity of life.',
            'Author': 'Robin Roberts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8212,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8214,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Why, when we know that there's no such thing as perfect, do most of us spend an incredible amount of 
time and energy trying to be everything to everyone? Is it that we really admire perfection? No - the truth is that we are 
actually drawn to people who are real and down-to-earth. We love authenticity and we know that life is messy and 
imperfect.",
            'Author': 'Brene Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In my life I've learned that true happiness comes from giving. Helping others along the way makes you
evaluate who you are. I think that love is what we're all searching for. I haven't come across anyone who didn't become a 
better person through love.",
            'Author': 'Marla Gibbs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.',
            'Author': 'Charles Darwin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In acting, there's a type of courage you're recognized for all the time. You lose 100 pounds and play
a guy with AIDS, and you get rewarded. But, in life, doing what is courageous is quiet, and no one knows about it. Courage 
is someone making sacrifices for their family or making selfless decisions for what they hope or feel.",
            'Author': 'Rob Lowe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8241,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his 
dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden: Or, Life in the Woods'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8246,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What if you gave someone a gift, and they neglected to thank you for it - would you be likely to give
them another? Life is the same way. In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly 
appreciate what you already have.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Marston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8266,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't you know that every perfect life would mean the end of art?",
            'Author': 'Robert Musil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.",
            'Author': 'Philip Green'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Butler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In life, there are those relationships where you really love someone, but they're just not right for 
you and there's a little bittersweet feel to it.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8307,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Wine of Life keeps oozing drop by drop, The Leaves of Life keep falling one by one.',
            'Author': 'Edward Fitzgerald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8314,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.',
            'Author': 'Jimi Hendrix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What's great about the geek spirit is that life never seems to stop us, and they never seem to kill 
our enthusiasm, our optimism and our hunger to experience the world. We keep our sense of humor, we protect our dignity, we
talk to our friends about the experience and then we start again fresh the very next day.",
            'Author': 'Paul Feig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Soren Kierkegaard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8332,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.",
            'Author': 'Grandma Moses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8334,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life is a monument to procrastination, to the art of putting things off until later, or much 
later, or possibly never.',
            'Author': 'Craig Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What childishness is it that while there's breath of life in our bodies, we are determined to rush to
see the sun the other way around?",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Bishop'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real artists take the misery and sadness of life and translate it into art.',
            'Author': 'Josh Peck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar
spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.",
            'Author': 'Stephen King'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You know those things that you throw the twigs into and it spits them out? That's what I do. The 
branches are like life, and I throw them into my head and some of it comes out as humor.",
            'Author': 'Steven Wright'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8356,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wild oats will get sown some time, and one of the arts of life is to sow them at the right time.',
            'Author': 'Richard Le Gallienne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to 
school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the 
assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.',
            'Author': 'John Lennon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. 
Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success 
is making it to the end of why you were born.",
            'Author': 'Myles Munroe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8368,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've never been a big nightlife person. I have a pretty low-key life.",
            'Author': 'Murray Bartlett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8369,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.",
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8374,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and 
chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.',
            'Author': 'Phil Knight'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My hometown I grew up in in Michigan is really tiny, and they are so excited for all of my adventures
my whole life.',
            'Author': 'Toni Trucks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8385,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "'Life, Love & Hope' is... I'm thinking 'larger picture.' I'm not trying to preach to anyone. We all 
get lost and caught up in our everyday problems. Your cellphone doesn't work or you got a parking ticket, you had a bad day
at work. You can lose sight of the really important things in life; that's what the song is about.",
            'Author': 'Tom Scholz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8387,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.",
            'Author': 'Brad Paisley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8394,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All life is a manifestation of the spirit, the manifestation of love.',
            'Author': 'Morihei Ueshiba'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When work is a pleasure, life is a joy! When work is a duty, life is slavery.',
            'Author': 'Maxim Gorky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just 
living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.",
            'Author': 'Lindsey Wixson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hope that there's a difference between being childish and childlike and that I'm the latter, if you
take my meaning. I often sort of wonder. I don't think I'm a terribly good grown-up; I don't take responsibility easily or 
well in many areas of life. Finance and stuff like that, I'm absolutely appalling.",
            'Author': 'Graeme Base'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8409,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We forget that the water cycle and the life cycle are one.',
            'Author': 'Jacques Yves Cousteau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You cannot live your life looking at yourself from someone else's point of view.",
            'Author': 'Penelope Cruz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8422,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'King Louis Philippe once said to me that he attributed the great success of the British nation in 
political life to their talking politics after dinner.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin Disraeli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mom taught me the power of love. I learned to focus on the long-term big picture from my father. 
His sense of humor and light-hearted approach always make me smile. My husband is a pivotal anchor in my life. His 
influence encourages me to be independent and take risks.',
            'Author': 'Padmasree Warrior'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8425,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.',
            'Author': 'Mariel Hemingway'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No matter what is happening in life or in the world - war, natural disaster, poor health, pain, the 
death of loved ones - if existence is filled with art, music and literature, life will be fulfilling, a joy.',
            'Author': 'Karen DeCrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8427,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.",
            'Author': 'Aphra Behn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8428,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.',
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Lightning Thief'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'By seizing the opportunities that disruption presents and leveraging hard times into greater success 
through outworking/outinnovating/outthinking and outworking everyone around you, this just might be the richest time of 
your life so far.',
            'Author': 'Robin S. Sharma'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8434,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you wish to strengthen your confidence in God still more, often recall the loving way in which He 
has acted toward you, and how mercifully He has tried to bring you out of your sinful life, to break your attachment to the
things of earth and draw you to His love.',
            'Author': 'Alphonsus Liguori'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that singing is the key to long life, a good figure, a stable temperament, increased 
intelligence, new friends, super self-confidence, heightened sexual attractiveness, and a better sense of humor.',
            'Author': 'Brian Eno'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8444,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no such thing as perpetual tranquillity of mind while we live here; because life itself is 
but motion, and can never be without desire, nor without fear, no more than without sense.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Hobbes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8447,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, 
the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved 
and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.",
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  Atlas Shrugged'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8453,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The method of political science is the interpretation of life; its instrument is insight, a nice 
understanding of subtle, unformulated conditions.',
            'Author': 'Woodrow Wilson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and 
yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?"and the thundering voice of God answered, There\'s just something about you 
that pisses me off.',
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  Storm of the Century: An Original Screenplay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter,
no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.',
            'Author': 'Bill Cosby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8464,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I never understand when people say, 'School days are the best of your life.' So it's all downhill 
from 16? How depressing.",
            'Author': 'Marsha Thomason'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8476,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The measure of life is not its duration, but its donation.', 'Author': 'Peter Marshall'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There comes a time in every man's life, and I've had plenty of them.",
            'Author': 'Casey Stengel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8492,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I should have no objection to go over the same life from its beginning to the end: requesting only 
the advantage authors have, of correcting in a second edition the faults of the first.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin Franklin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8505,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel like unforgiveness, bitterness and resentment, it blocks the flows of God's blessings in 
life.",
            'Author': 'Ja Rule'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the 
moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.',
            'Author': 'Henry Drummond'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8509,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.",
            'Author': 'Audrey Hepburn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8516,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Resentments and grudges are two of the main culprits that perpetuate cycles of self-abuse and 
victimhood. Stowed away inside you like parasites, they deplete you of your God-given life force and separate you from your
inherent worth, your joy, and the love in your heart.',
            'Author': 'Debbie Ford'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I grew up babysitting and always enjoyed it. I love family. A couple of my closest friends have kids,
and I'm their godfather, and that's one of my greatest pleasures in life, just picking them up from school and hanging out 
with them.",
            'Author': 'Matthew Perry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition 
of your life; define yourself.',
            'Author': 'Robert Frost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8536,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm so thankful for my family and friends - they're really supportive. Everyone I work with on 
'Austin & Ally;' the cast and crew are like my family now. We have so much fun, and I'm so happy they're in my life!",
            'Author': 'Laura Marano'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8539,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, 
comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.",
            'Author': 'Alan Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8545,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best 
alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.',
            'Author': 'Winston Churchill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The companion of an evening, and the companion for life, require very different qualifications.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Richardson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons 
in life do not last. The spring rains will come again.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Ban Breathnach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Being the first to cross the finish line makes you a winner in only one phase of life. It's what you 
do after you cross the line that really counts.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Boston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8571,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more of your private life you put into the public domain, the smaller your private life 
becomes.',
            'Author': 'Kevin McCloud'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8578,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8582,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sexual living is a reflection of God's love for us. It has two key qualities, which is faithfulness 
and creativity of new life.",
            'Author': 'Vincent Nichols'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The consuming desire of most human beings is deliberately to plant their whole life in the hands of 
some other person. I would describe this method of searching for happiness as immature. Development of character consists 
solely in moving toward self-sufficiency.',
            'Author': 'Quentin Crisp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8596,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To overcome poverty and the flaws of the economic crisis in our society, we need to envision our 
social life. We have to free our mind, imagine what has never happened before and write social fiction. We need to imagine 
things to make them happen. If you don't imagine, it will never happen.",
            'Author': 'Muhammad Yunus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8602,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life without a lonely place, that is, without a quiet center, becomes destructive.',
            'Author': 'Henri Nouwen'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8611, 'record': {'Quote': 'My life really began when I married my husband.', 'Author': 'Nancy Reagan'}},
    {
        'id': 8619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I feel as though my life is bathed in golden sunlight. And the really wonderful thing is that I know 
it.',
            'Author': 'Helen McCrory'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8626,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.",
            'Author': 'Mike Krzyzewski'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8637,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I spend several days at a time without enough sleep. At first, normal activities become annoying. 
When you are too tired to eat, you really need some sleep. A few days later, things become strange. Loud noises become 
louder and more startling, familiar sounds become unfamiliar, and life reinvents itself as a surrealist dream.',
            'Author': 'Henry Rollins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What we did ten years ago with the Playstation was a phenomenal success story for the company. That 
product had a ten year life cycle, which has never been done in this industry.',
            'Author': 'Ian Jackson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8645,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some 
compassion, some humor, and some style.',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life.
We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that 
body the best it can be maximized.",
            'Author': 'Mike Ditka'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8657,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints 
tomorrow with prophetic ray.',
            'Author': 'Lord Byron'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8659, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love is the greatest refreshment in life.', 'Author': 'Pablo Picasso'}},
    {
        'id': 8671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good 
approach to life, that's beautiful.",
            'Author': 'Rashida Jones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8673,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The meaning of life is contained in every single expression of life. It is present in the infinity of
forms and phenomena that exist in all of creation.',
            'Author': 'Michael Jackson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8674,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has 
got life and death.",
            'Author': 'Damien Hirst'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8680, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is all about having a good time.', 'Author': 'Miley Cyrus'}},
    {
        'id': 8681,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An artist carries on throughout his life a mysterious, uninterrupted conversation with his public.',
            'Author': 'Maurice Chevalier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8689,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain!',
            'Author': 'Louis Tomlinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8698,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted to be an independent woman, a woman who could pay for her bills, a woman who could run her 
own life - and I became that woman.',
            'Author': 'Diane von Furstenberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8707,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If we went by the world's definition of who I'm supposed to be because I look weird... 'Well, surely,
this guy can't have a productive life, surely, he doesn't have a sense of humor. Surely, he can't love life.' We stereotype
people in this world. And so... if the world thinks you're not good enough, it's a lie, you know. Get a second opinion.",
            'Author': 'Nick Vujicic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8713,
        'record': {'Quote': 'All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.', 'Author': 'Andre Breton'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives 
you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and
don't throw it away.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, 
and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. 
Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.",
            'Author': 'Jon Katz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will 
be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same 
hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.',
            'Author': 'Alvar Aalto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8732,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. I don't use special creams or treatments - I'll
use a little bit of everything. It's a mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. I believe that a lot of how you 
look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.",
            'Author': 'Tina Turner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like 
robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8748,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies 
before you. Achieve! Achieve!',
            'Author': 'Andrew Carnegie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8751,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?",
            'Author': 'Andy Warhol'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you realize who the good people are in your life, you're so lucky.",
            'Author': 'Sophia Bush'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I testify that inspiration can be the spring for every person's hope, guidance, and strength. It is 
one of the magnified treasures of life. It involves coming to the infinite knowledge of God.",
            'Author': 'James E. Faust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Light is meaningful only in relation to darkness, and truth presupposes error. It is these mingled 
opposites which people our life, which make it pungent, intoxicating. We only exist in terms of this conflict, in the zone 
where black and white clash.',
            'Author': 'Louis Aragon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Here is the tragedy: when you are the victim of depression, not only do you feel utterly helpless and
abandoned by the world, you also know that very few people can understand, or even begin to believe, that life can be this 
painful. There is nothing I can think of that is quite as isolating as this.',
            'Author': 'Giles Andreae'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can 
only build a strong character.',
            'Author': 'Arnold Schwarzenegger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8805,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a
telescope.",
            'Author': 'Dr. Seuss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the 
depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?',
            'Author': 'Tony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your life has to consist of more than 'Black people should unite.' You hope they do, but not 
twenty-four hours a day.",
            'Author': 'Gil Scott-Heron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8823,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life will be no better than the plans you make and the action you take. You are the architect 
and builder of your own life, fortune, destiny.',
            'Author': 'Alfred A. Montapert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put
on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love 
getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.",
            'Author': 'Gwen Stefani'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8831,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes the only way to deal with horrific things in life is through a dark sense of humor.',
            'Author': 'Margaret Cho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I realize that humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and 
feel alive.",
            'Author': 'Anne Wilson Schaef'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8841,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wherever you are, be there totally. If you find your here and now intolerable and it makes you 
unhappy, you have three options: remove yourself from the situation, change it, or accept it totally. If you want to take 
responsibility for your life, you must choose one of those three options, and you must choose now. Then accept the 
consequences.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8850,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of 
colour to this increasingly grey world.',
            'Author': 'Peter James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've known my best friend since I was a baby, and I don't know what I would do without her. She is 
always straight with me and can make me laugh hysterically. Everyone should have someone like that in their life.",
            'Author': 'Jasmine Guinness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8860,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the 
imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8865,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Festivals are fun for kids, fun for parents and offer a welcome break from the stresses of the 
nuclear family. The sheer quantities of people make life easier: loads of adults for the adults to talk to and loads of 
kids for the kids to play with.',
            'Author': 'Tom Hodgkinson'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8871, 'record': {'Quote': 'Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.', 'Author': 'Nora Ephron'}},
    {
        'id': 8877,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and 
the world around us.',
            'Author': 'Socrates'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8880,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.', 'Author': 'Neil Gaiman'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the 
world.',
            'Author': 'George Washington Carver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Jesus lived a life that was full of joy and contradictions and fights, you know? If they were to 
paint a picture of Jesus without contradictions, the gospels would be fake, but the contradictions are a sign of 
authenticity.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest 
irony.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Coupland,  Shampoo Planet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are not actually in charge of life, yet behave as if we are the masters of our own destiny. The 
realization of this fact is quite a hard one. The ridiculousness of our pomposity and presumption can only result in anger 
or humor.',
            'Author': 'Billy Childish'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8913,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life.',
            'Author': 'Henry Ward Beecher'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8916,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  Clockwork Princess'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8924,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think what is interesting in life is all the cracks and all the flaws and all the moments that are 
not perfect.',
            'Author': 'Clemence Poesy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Not to sound bad, but some girls are dumb. It's because they spend so much of their life trying to 
have the right look. On the other hand, some girls are just really smart. There are girls you can have conversations with 
that are healthy conversations. You can argue real life issues and solve problems together. That is what makes a woman 
sexy.",
            'Author': 'Wale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8953,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.',
            'Author': 'William Goldman,  William Goldman: Four Screenplays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8962,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People are much more complicated in real life, but my characters are as subtle and nuanced as I can 
make them. But if you say my characters are too black and white, you've missed the point. Villains are meant to be 
black-hearted in popular novels. If you say I have a grey-hearted villain, then I've failed.",
            'Author': 'Ken Follett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8971,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The world is full of little dictators trying to run your life.', 'Author': 'Alan King'}
    },
    {
        'id': 8977,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the 
basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.',
            'Author': 'P. T. Barnum'
        }
    },
    {'id': 8980, 'record': {'Quote': "Even though it's tiring, I'm having the time of my life.", 'Author': 'Big Sean'}},
    {
        'id': 8983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go 
out and kick ass.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8992,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I spent most of my life locked in my bedroom, miserable about my raging acne.',
            'Author': 'Moon Unit Zappa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 8999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success 
in life than almost any academic course he takes.',
            'Author': 'Knute Rockne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9002,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "'Secrets Of The Millionaire Mind' was born out of my own journey of self-discovery within both my 
personal and professional life.",
            'Author': 'T. Harv Eker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.",
            'Author': 'John Steinbeck,  The Winter of Our Discontent'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is something inexpressibly sad in the thought of the children who crossed the ocean with the 
Pilgrims and the fathers of Jamestown, New Amsterdam, and Boston, and the infancy of those born in the first years of 
colonial life in this strange new world.',
            'Author': 'Alice Morse Earle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9023,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In real life, it is the hare who wins. Every time. Look around you. And in any case it is my 
contention that Aesop was writing for the tortoise market. Hares have no time to read. They are too busy winning the 
game.',
            'Author': 'Anita Brookner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9033,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I enjoy my life. I think I have a very good life. And I think I'm very satisfied with the direction 
of my career and just my lifestyle and everything like that. So I wouldn't change a single thing.",
            'Author': 'Macaulay Culkin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's a wonderful world. You can't go backwards. You're always moving forward. It's the wonderful part
about life. And that's terrific.",
            'Author': 'Harvey Fierstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9045,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existence. One 
cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality. 
It is enough if one tries merely to comprehend a little of this mystery each day.—"Old Man\'s Advice to Youth: \'Never Lose
a Holy Curiosity.\'"LIFE Magazine (2 May 1955) p. 64',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9052,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. I hope 
we can embrace that. I pray we may all challenge ourselves to delve into the deepest resources of our hearts to cultivate 
an atmosphere of understanding, acceptance, tolerance, and compassion. We are all in this life together.',
            'Author': 'Linda Thompson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9054,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is full of tough decisions, and nothing makes them easy. But the worst ones are really your 
personal koans, and tormenting ambivalence is just the sense of satori rising. Try, trust, try, and trust again, and 
eventually you'll feel your mind change its focus to a new level of understanding.",
            'Author': 'Martha Beck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Automobiles have always been part of my life, and I'm sure they always will be. What is it about them
that moves me? The sound of a great engine, the unity and uniqueness of an automobile's engineering and coachwork, the 
history of the company and the car, and, of course, the sheer beauty of the thing.",
            'Author': 'Edward Herrmann'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9089,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I thank God I'm myself and for the life I'm given to live and for friends and lovers and beloveds, 
and I thank God for knowing that all those people have already paid for me.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and 
all they can do is stare blankly.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9095,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded 
by art or life.',
            'Author': 'Simone Weil'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9100, 'record': {'Quote': 'What you get is a living, what you give is a life.', 'Author': 'Lillian Gish'}},
    {
        'id': 9111,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.",
            'Author': 'Ruth Benedict'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Paolini,  Eragon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9124,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The reason of my life is not to be the most beautiful woman in the world.',
            'Author': 'Isabella Rossellini'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9128,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you
give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.',
            'Author': 'J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Fellowship of the Ring'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9130,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Monetary success is not success. Career success is not success. Life, someone that loves you, giving 
to others, doing something that makes you feel complete and full. That is success. And it isn't dependent on anyone else.",
            'Author': 'James Avery'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9131,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Neither should a ship rely on one small anchor, nor should life rest on a single hope.',
            'Author': 'Epictetus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9133,
        'record': {'Quote': 'That it will never come again is what makes life sweet.', 'Author': 'Emily Dickinson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9137,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of 
destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Mockingjay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God
to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you
put into what you did?",
            'Author': 'Mother Teresa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life leaps like a geyser for those who drill through the rock of inertia.',
            'Author': 'Alexis Carrel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9154,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Mindfulness is about love and loving life. When you cultivate this love, it gives you clarity and 
compassion for life, and your actions happen in accordance with that.',
            'Author': 'Jon Kabat-Zinn'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9164, 'record': {'Quote': 'Growth is the only evidence of life.', 'Author': 'John Henry Newman'}},
    {'id': 9169, 'record': {'Quote': 'The unexamined life is not worth living.', 'Author': 'Socrates'}},
    {
        'id': 9177,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a tide; float on it. Go down with it and go up with it, but be detached. Then it is not 
difficult.',
            'Author': 'Prem Rawat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9187,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.', 'Author': 'Truman Capote'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.',
            'Author': 'Gabriel Garcí\xada Márquez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9198,
        'record': {'Quote': "Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.", 'Author': 'Jean Paul'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9203,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I loved my 17 years with R.E.M., but I'm ready to reflect, assess and move on to a different phase of
my life. The four of us will continue our close friendship, and I look forward to hearing their future efforts as the 
world's biggest R.E.M. fan.",
            'Author': 'Bill Berry'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9207, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life itself is the proper binge.', 'Author': 'Julia Child'}},
    {
        'id': 9217,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so fresh, life is every day so new if we are fighting, only for the best. Sometimes I think 
the only real satisfaction in life is failure, failure in your endeavor to do your best.',
            'Author': 'Maude Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called 
Life.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  The Last Continent'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In those early years in New York when I was a stranger in a big city, it was the companionship and 
later friendship which I was offered in the Linnean Society that was the most important thing in my life.',
            'Author': 'Ernst Mayr'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9233, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a zoo in a jungle.', 'Author': 'Peter De Vries'}},
    {'id': 9247, 'record': {'Quote': 'Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.', 'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'}},
    {
        'id': 9256,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course 
of a whole lifetime...',
            'Author': 'Khaled Hosseini,  The Kite Runner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9257,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me
away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me 
paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.",
            'Author': 'Jerry Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "At the end of the day, all you can hope for is to go on. The older I get, the more I realize that 
just keeping on keeping on is what life's all about.",
            'Author': 'Janis Ian'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9261, 'record': {'Quote': 'I love life because what more is there?', 'Author': 'Anthony Hopkins'}},
    {
        'id': 9272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets 
come last.',
            'Author': 'Robert Louis Stevenson'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9286, 'record': {'Quote': 'True life is lived when tiny changes occur.', 'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy'}},
    {
        'id': 9296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's good to be able to laugh at yourself and the problems you face in life. Sense of humor can save 
you.",
            'Author': 'Margaret Cho'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9309, 'record': {'Quote': "Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.", 'Author': 'Fran Lebowitz'}},
    {
        'id': 9320,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.",
            'Author': 'Jerry Seinfeld'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9344,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach
eighteen.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9352,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, 
friendship, indignation and compassion.",
            'Author': 'Simone de Beauvoir'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9356, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life comes from the earth and life returns to the earth.', 'Author': 'Zhuangzi'}},
    {
        'id': 9366,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.', 'Author': 'Emily Dickinson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9373,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps 
some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what 
the majority of men do.",
            'Author': 'Napoleon Hill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment; but it is 
no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.',
            'Author': 'John F. Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9385,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Isn't it the moment of most profound doubt that gives birth to new certainties? Perhaps hopelessness 
is the very soil that nourishes human hope; perhaps one could never find sense in life without first experiencing its 
absurdity.",
            'Author': 'Vaclav Havel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9387,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live 
pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret.',
            'Author': 'Robert E. Lee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9399,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.',
            'Author': 'William Osler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Here's how I've lived my life: I've never been late to a set. I make films I believe in. I feel 
privileged to be able to do what I love.",
            'Author': 'Tom Cruise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you.',
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  If I Stay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9410,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.', 'Author': 'Anne Morrow Lindbergh'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9418,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do 
with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.",
            'Author': 'Danny Thomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9422,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.",
            'Author': 'John F. Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9429,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in 
countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.',
            'Author': 'Charlie Gonzalez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9449,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's 
life.",
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9453,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.',
            'Author': 'Richelle Mead,  Blood Promise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9459,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For generations, America has served as a beacon of hope and freedom for those outside her borders, 
and as a land of limitless opportunity for those risking everything to seek a better life. Their talents and contributions 
have continued to enrich our country.',
            'Author': 'Spencer Bachus'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9460, 'record': {'Quote': 'You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.', 'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'}},
    {
        'id': 9464,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult.',
            'Author': 'Yann Arthus-Bertrand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9468,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.', 'Author': 'John Dewey'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9472,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.", 'Author': 'Margaret Mitchell'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9477,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ray Bradbury is, for many reasons, the most influential writer in my life. Throughout our long 
friendship, Ray supplied not only his terrific stories but a grand model of what a writer could be, should be, and yet 
rarely is: brilliant and charming and accessible, willing to tolerate and to teach, happy to inspire but also to be 
inspired.',
            'Author': 'Greg Bear'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet 
death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very 
likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9486,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.', 'Author': 'Anne Tyler'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9488,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward 
your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or 
are they holding you back?',
            'Author': 'W. Clement Stone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9492,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy 
than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.',
            'Author': 'Christopher McCandless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9515,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, 
and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.',
            'Author': 'Plato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The truth is that love smashes into your life like an ice floe, and even if your heart is built like 
the Titanic you go down.',
            'Author': 'Jeanette Winterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9538,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best 
sense one stays young.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9542,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been 
trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I 
succeed.",
            'Author': 'Michael Jordan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9552,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.",
            'Author': 'William Barclay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9562,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The friendship of Shostakovich cast a brilliant light over my whole life and whose spiritual 
qualities captured my soul once and for all time.',
            'Author': 'Galina Vishnevskaya'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9566,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Many people feel so pressured by the expectations of others that it causes them to be frustrated, 
miserable and confused about what they should do. But there is a way to live a simple, joy-filled, peaceful life, and the 
key is learning how to be led by the Holy Spirit, not the traditions or expectations of man.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9575,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.",
            'Author': 'John Wooden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.",
            'Author': 'Dr. Seuss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9596,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm lucky in having found the perfect partner to spend my life with.",
            'Author': 'Sara Paretsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9605,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes.',
            'Author': 'Carl Friedrich Gauss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9611,
        'record': {'Quote': 'When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.', 'Author': 'Cathy Guisewite'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9616,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great 
future.',
            'Author': 'Anil Kapoor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9617,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of 
humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.",
            'Author': 'Madonna Ciccone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9628,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really
matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.",
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9632,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have 
to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, 
karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your 
work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond 
them.',
            'Author': 'Bruce Lee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9656,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Bush'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9659,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the 
question when you are the answer.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The definition of success to me is not necessarily a price tag, not fame, but having a good life, and
being able to say I did the right thing at the end of the day.',
            'Author': 'Jeremy Luke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9674,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the 
best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Message in a Bottle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Easter may seem boring to children, and it is blessedly unencumbered by the silly fun that plagues 
Christmas. Yet it contains the one thing needful for every human life: the good news of Resurrection.',
            'Author': 'Frederica Mathewes-Green'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's just that...I just think that some things are meant to be broken. Imperfect. Chaotic. It's the 
universe's way of providing contrast, you know? There have to be a few holes in the road. It's how life is.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  The Truth About Forever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9693,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music.',
            'Author': 'Annie Proulx'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9697,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to know what it is to build the foundation of the friendship for real, to have my best friend 
and not because we're just intimate, but because we're mentally intimate. So I'm waiting for that person to come into my 
life.",
            'Author': 'LisaRaye McCoy-Misick'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9699,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am attracted to intelligence, a witty sense of humor, an adventurous outlook on life and spiritual 
awareness about one's self and the world.",
            'Author': 'Tanit Phoenix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9700,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their 
students.',
            'Author': 'Solomon Ortiz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens 
for you.' See the positive in negative events.",
            'Author': 'Joel Osteen'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9718, 'record': {'Quote': 'Books. Cats. Life is Good.', 'Author': 'Edward Gorey'}},
    {
        'id': 9720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the 
middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence',
            'Author': 'John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9727,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.',
            'Author': 'Pablo Picasso'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe in the healing power of the arts, and whenever anyone can bring art into anyone's life, 
it's a special thing.",
            'Author': 'Austin Nichols'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Friendship's the wine of life: but friendship new... is neither strong nor pure.",
            'Author': 'Edward Young'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope to make acting my career for the rest of my life, if I can.',
            'Author': 'Chloe Grace Moretz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too 
seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.",
            'Author': 'Betty White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9740,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest 
compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.',
            'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Kids are meant to believe that their stepping stone to massive money is 'The X Factor.' Luck is 
great, but most of life is hard work. We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.",
            'Author': 'Iain Duncan Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would live all my life in nonchalance and insouciance, Were it not for making a living, which is 
rather a nouciance.',
            'Author': 'Ogden Nash'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9754,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my 
daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9762,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm loyal, and I like my friends. Friendship enriches your life and makes it more interesting.",
            'Author': 'Wendi Deng Murdoch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by 
their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Jefferson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest 
joy: true fulfillment.",
            'Author': 'Tony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9786,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You know, real life doesn't just suddenly resolve itself. You have to keep working at it. Democracy, 
marriage, friendship. You can't just say, 'She's my best friend.' That's not a given, it's a process.",
            'Author': 'Viggo Mortensen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9789,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were made perfectly to be loved - and surely I have loved you, in the idea of you, my whole life 
long.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Barrett Browning'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her 
life a work of art and an unfaithful record.',
            'Author': 'Andre Maurois'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your destiny is to fulfill those things upon which you focus most intently. So choose to keep your 
focus on that which is truly magnificent, beautiful, uplifting and joyful. Your life is always moving toward something.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Marston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9803,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.',
            'Author': 'Princess Diana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.',
            'Author': 'Democritus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9818,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Ashe'
        }
    },
    {'id': 9826, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is to be enjoyed, not endured', 'Author': 'Gordon B. Hinckley'}},
    {
        'id': 9833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper 
tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process 
is its own reward.',
            'Author': 'Amelia Earhart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9837,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head,
and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  The Canterville Ghost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's
aim.",
            'Author': 'John D. Rockefeller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is not a spectator sport. If you're going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just 
watching what goes on, in my opinion you're wasting your life.",
            'Author': 'Jackie Robinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9852,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I see my upbringing as a great success story. By disciplining me, my parents inculcated 
self-discipline. And by restricting my choices as a child, they gave me so many choices in my life as an adult. Because of 
what they did then, I get to do the work I love now.',
            'Author': 'Amy Chua'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I will not leave South Africa, nor will I surrender. Only through hardship, sacrifice and militant 
action can freedom be won. The struggle is my life. I will continue fighting for freedom until the end of my days.',
            'Author': 'Nelson Mandela'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9871,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you 
live your life that matters.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for
others.",
            'Author': 'Danny Thomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9897,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the 
game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, 
and in some ways that's about life too.",
            'Author': 'Michael Jordan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9905,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies 
that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.',
            'Author': 'C. S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9922,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the 21st century, I think the heroes will be the people who will improve the quality of life, 
fight poverty and introduce more sustainability.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Piccard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9927,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is for the living.Death is for the dead.Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.',
            'Author': 'Langston Hughes,  The Collected Poems'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9929,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.',
            'Author': "D.H. Lawrence,  Lady Chatterley's Lover"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9938,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.', 'Author': 'Nathan Hale'}
    },
    {
        'id': 9940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is the art of being well deceived; and in order that the deception may succeed it must be 
habitual and uninterrupted.',
            'Author': 'William Hazlitt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9945,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself 
throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Garvey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9947,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've done it all. I'm thankful and proud of what I've accomplished in my life. I hope to keep doing 
it.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Stanley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9949,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not that lazy, but I don't need that much money. I lead a fairly simple life.",
            'Author': 'Karl Pilkington'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9957,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything tells me that I am about to make a wrong decision, but making mistakes is just part of 
life. What does the world want of me? Does it want me to take no risks, to go back to where I came from because I didn\'t 
have the courage to say "yes"to life?',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Eleven Minutes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9962,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only 
gave them life, those the art of living well.',
            'Author': 'Aristotle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9965,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of mutual love have missed
the best thing that life has to give.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9969,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.',
            'Author': 'Orhan Pamuk,  The New Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short
to cry for anything.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9990,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.',
            'Author': 'Walter Pater'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9993,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope
of life.',
            'Author': 'William Arthur Ward'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9994,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Eating is not merely a material pleasure. Eating well gives a spectacular joy to life and contributes
immensely to goodwill and happy companionship. It is of great importance to the morale.',
            'Author': 'Elsa Schiaparelli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 9999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Because after my first year I had a lot of success, took everybody by storm, came back the next year 
thought it was easy and didn't have near the season I had the previous year. It was kind of a wake-up call. And so, life 
goes on.",
            'Author': 'Brett Favre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10001,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average 
reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our 
marriage.",
            'Author': 'John le Carre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and 
we're going to get through it. Just be strong.",
            'Author': 'Mary J. Blige'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The discovery of agriculture was the first big step toward a civilized life.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Keith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you 
don't have enough goals.",
            'Author': 'Lou Holtz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Nobody's life is ever all balanced. It's a conscious decision to choose your priorities every day.",
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Hasselbeck'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10057, 'record': {'Quote': "I think there is a part of life that I'm missing.", 'Author': 'Kenny Chesney'}},
    {
        'id': 10071,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his 
attitudes.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10080,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I was born in 1949, and by the time I was 10, I figured out that my hope chest was not aimed in the 
same direction everybody else's was. And that life was going to be very, very complicated. And that I could either be 
provocative and declamatory, or shy, retiring and scared.",
            'Author': 'Dorothy Allison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the 
anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself.',
            'Author': 'Martin Heidegger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10087,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude
of drops?',
            'Author': 'David Mitchell,  Cloud Atlas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The tension between 'yes' and 'no', between 'I can' and 'I cannot', makes us feel that, in so many 
instances, human life is an interminable debate with one's self.",
            'Author': 'Anatole Broyard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10112,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, 
any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that 
element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.',
            'Author': 'Rush Limbaugh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I never said I wanted a 'happy' life but an interesting one. From separation and loss, I have learned
a lot. I have become strong and resilient, as is the case of almost every human being exposed to life and to the world. We 
don't even know how strong we are until we are forced to bring that hidden strength forward.",
            'Author': 'Isabel Allende'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known 
struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an
understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just 
happen.',
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Kübler-Ross'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10127, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.', 'Author': 'Neale Donald Walsch'}},
    {
        'id': 10138,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My motto in life is, 'If anything is worth doing, it's worth overdoing.'",
            'Author': 'Danny Bonaduce'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't 
have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.",
            'Author': 'Ann Landers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10149,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You know how I came up with the name 'Road to the Super Bowl?' It's an homage to the old Bob Hope - 
Bing Crosby buddy movies - you know, like 'Road to Zanzibar' or 'Road to Morocco.' Can you tell? All I've done my whole 
life is go to movies.",
            'Author': 'Steve Sabol'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to
do and dare.',
            'Author': 'Dale Carnegie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that if you don't derive a deep sense of purpose from what you do, if you don't come 
radiantly alive several times a day, if you don't feel deeply grateful at the tremendous good fortune that has been 
bestowed on you, then you are wasting your life. And life is too short to waste.",
            'Author': 'Srikumar Rao'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10169,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the 
third is to be kind.',
            'Author': 'Henry James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he 
invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, 
meditation.',
            'Author': 'Jean Arp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.',
            'Author': 'James F. Byrnes'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10195, 'record': {'Quote': 'A confession has to be part of your new life.', 'Author': 'Ludwig Wittgenstein'}},
    {
        'id': 10211,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "So though there are many things I would have done differently, I submit to God's sovereignty and His 
purpose in my life and I thank Him that He brought me the way He brought me and gave me what He gave me when He thought I 
could handle it.",
            'Author': 'T. D. Jakes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10213,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is the only art that we are required to practice without preparation, and without being allowed 
the preliminary trials, the failures and botches, that are essential for training.',
            'Author': 'Lewis Mumford'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10226,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Humor is very interesting to me. My films are not comedies, but there's comedy in them from time to 
time, absurdities, just like in real life.",
            'Author': 'David Lynch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10227,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life 
that has none.',
            'Author': 'Richard M. DeVos'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10237,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You practice mindfulness, on the one hand, to be calm and peaceful. On the other hand, as you 
practice mindfulness and live a life of peace, you inspire hope for a future of peace.',
            'Author': 'Thich Nhat Hanh'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10239, 'record': {'Quote': 'I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.', 'Author': 'T. S. Eliot'}},
    {
        'id': 10258,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I never feel lonely if I've got a book - they're like old friends. Even if you're not reading them 
over and over again, you know they are there. And they're part of your history. They sort of tell a story about your 
journey through life.",
            'Author': 'Emilia Fox'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10274, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is beautiful but people are crazy.', 'Author': 'Charles Osgood'}},
    {
        'id': 10282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Personally, love is very important for me. There are lots of ordinary things in life, so love should 
be extraordinary. I hope I achieve that.',
            'Author': 'Ranbir Kapoor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is - I mean - I found early in life that righteous indignation is a little off-putting, and so 
I try to couch it with humor.',
            'Author': 'Al Franken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The bat is not a toy, it's a weapon. It gives me everything in life, which helps me to do everything 
on the field.",
            'Author': 'Virat Kohli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his
life.',
            'Author': 'Robert A. Heinlein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A year or so ago I went through all the people in my life and asked myself: does this person inspire 
me, genuinely love me and support me unconditionally? I wanted nothing but positive influences in my life.',
            'Author': 'Mena Suvari'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10298, 'record': {'Quote': 'Wherever art appears, life disappears.', 'Author': 'Robert Motherwell'}},
    {
        'id': 10300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well 
preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly 
proclaiming "Wow! What a Ride!',
            'Author': 'Hunter S. Thompson,  The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life; let us swear eternal 
friendship.',
            'Author': 'Sydney Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses 
and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself.',
            'Author': 'Martin Luther'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10326,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The past explains how I got here, but the future is up to me - and I love to live life at full 
throttle.',
            'Author': 'Janice Dickinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hope that tomorrow we can all, wherever we are, join in expressing our grief at Diana's loss, and 
gratitude for her all-too-short life. It is a chance to show to the whole world the British nation united in grief and 
respect.",
            'Author': 'Queen Elizabeth II'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10343,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My diabetes is such a central part of my life... it did teach me discipline... it also taught me 
about moderation... I've trained myself to be super-vigilant... because I feel better when I am in control.",
            'Author': 'Sonia Sotomayor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10348,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing 
Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.",
            'Author': "Dr. Seuss,  Oh, The Places You'll Go!"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10358,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Guitar is the best form of self-expression I know. Everything else, and I'm just sort of tripping 
around, trying to figure my way through life.",
            'Author': 'Slash'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Maurice Sendak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10371,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left 
alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everybody's got something. In the end, what choice does one really have but to understand that truth,
to really take it in, and then shop for groceries, get a haircut, do one's work; get on with the business of one's life. 
That's the hope, anyway.",
            'Author': 'David Rakoff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10374,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the
preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Hobbes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some 
compassion, some humor, and some style',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10386,
        'record': {'Quote': 'People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.', 'Author': 'Logan Pearsall Smith'}
    },
    {
        'id': 10388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain
parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.',
            'Author': 'Brooks Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10391,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are 
afraid of the light.',
            'Author': 'Plato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Little white lies are part of everyday life. If you're in court being charged with a felony, you're 
probably going to be tempted to lie. Or if your girlfriend asks you if the sweater she is wearing makes her look fat; 
you're going to lie because you love that person. There are different reasons and justifications to lie; it's human 
nature.",
            'Author': 'Monica Raymund'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.",
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Slammed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10412,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10418,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an 
outlaw.',
            'Author': 'Nelson Mandela'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To hope means to be ready at every moment for that which is not yet born, and yet not become 
desperate if there is no birth in our lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Erich Fromm'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10427,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think we all suffer from acute blindness at times. Life is a constant journey of trying to open 
your eyes. I'm just beginning my journey, and my eyes aren't fully open yet.",
            'Author': 'Olivia Thirlby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10428,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it 
against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10435,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is 
live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  Animal Dreams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is 
confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Last Song'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10438,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, 
the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.",
            'Author': 'Sigmund Freud'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The lesson is, because there will be many lemons in life, to learn to make the proverbial lemonade - 
and be open and honest. That's the best way of doing damage control and positioning yourself for success.",
            'Author': 'Vivek Wadhwa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10458,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My philosophy in life is, Decide what you want to do. You have to have something to hope for.',
            'Author': 'Lou Holtz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10475,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be 
just okay for your whole life?",
            'Author': "Audrey Niffenegger,  The Time Traveler's Wife"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless 
of their chosen field of endeavor.",
            'Author': 'Vince Lombardi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You don’t know what goes on in anyone’s life but your own. And when you mess with one part of a 
person’s life, you’re not messing with just that part. Unfortunately, you can’t be that precise and selective. When you 
mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life. Everything. . . affects everything.',
            'Author': 'Jay Asher,  Thirteen Reasons Why'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10491,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly 
everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.",
            'Author': 'Richard Feynman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The rare few, who, early in life have rid themselves of the friendship of the many.',
            'Author': 'James Whistler'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10501, 'record': {'Quote': "I'm usually just enjoying life.", 'Author': 'Alan Jackson'}},
    {
        'id': 10513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What I really want out of life is to discover something new: something mankind didn't know was 
possible to do.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Holmes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10518,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I 
prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.',
            'Author': 'Marjorie Pay Hinckley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than
lucky.",
            'Author': 'S.E. Hinton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You should breathe deeply and chant, 'Money will easily and effortlessly flow into my life' as often 
as you can every day. Things will start to change after a month. If you believe you will be financially secure, then you 
are opening yourself up to change.",
            'Author': 'Louise L. Hay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There comes a point in every man's life when he has to say: 'Enough is enough.'",
            'Author': 'Lance Armstrong'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10547,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my 
sunset sky.',
            'Author': 'Rabindranath Tagore,  Stray Birds'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have
to live.",
            'Author': 'Natalie Babbitt,  Tuck Everlasting'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10556,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially, the more success you have, the more you 
look to the other side of the gate.',
            'Author': 'Celine Dion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10557,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Hope is the cordial that keeps life from stagnating.', 'Author': 'Samuel Richardson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 10560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life 
doesn't.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10574, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is like Sanskrit read to a pony.', 'Author': 'Lou Reed'}},
    {
        'id': 10586,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is perfectly possible to live a very moral life without a belief in God, and I think it's 
perfectly possible to live a life peppered with ill-doing and believe in God.",
            'Author': 'J. K. Rowling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10593,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It wont happen automatically. You will have 
to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the 
best of me. I’m moving on with my life.',
            'Author': 'Joel Osteen,  Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10600,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Knowing that you are completely forgiven destroys the power of sin in your life.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Prince'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10620,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers to remember.',
            'Author': 'Joshua Foer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10622,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for 
the force and beauty of its process.',
            'Author': 'Max Eastman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10633,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But you come to a point in your life when you can't pull the trigger anymore.",
            'Author': 'Evel Knievel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to 
you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.",
            'Author': "Julian Barnes,  Flaubert's Parrot"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10650,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life becomes inspiring, not in spite of the problems and the hard hits, but because of them.',
            'Author': 'Joni Eareckson Tada'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your 
life and realizing you hadn't lived it?",
            'Author': 'Edward Albee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10669,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't let fear rule your life. Live one day at a time, and never be afraid.",
            'Author': 'Tammy Faye Bakker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10683,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's a terrible price to pay for stress in your life - it really takes a hit on your heart.",
            'Author': 'Leeza Gibbons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, 
where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do 
it full time.",
            'Author': 'Danica Patrick'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Nobody knows anything. I deal with people in all walks of life, some of whom should have some idea of
what they're doing. And they're all clueless. It's astonishing that any bridges stay up, or that planes don't constantly 
plummet from the sky. It's heartening, in a strange way.",
            'Author': 'Peter York'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10713,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Caregivers attract caregivers and live in a community of love. They are energized by their caring, 
fulfilled, and they love life. Caretakers attract caretakers and live in the company of resentful victims who see 
themselves as misused and are fatigued from constant giving with no return.',
            'Author': 'Gary Zukav'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm a spoilt brat. I thought I was just going to walk in and make movies. But I'd been my own boss 
for so long that all of a sudden to be facing a roomful of people who were niggling over every little scene... I just 
thought I'd go back and draw my comics and have a happy life.",
            'Author': 'Frank Miller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10727,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of 
your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.",
            'Author': 'Kirsten Dunst'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10731, 'record': {'Quote': 'love the life you live.live the life you love.', 'Author': 'Bob Marley'}},
    {
        'id': 10734,
        'record': {'Quote': 'That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.', 'Author': 'Emily Dickinson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 10740,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character...
This happens to be a feature of my life generally.",
            'Author': 'Wallace Shawn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're looking at Earth science, observing our planet. Also space science, looking at the ozone in the
atmosphere around our Earth. Also looking at life science. And on a human level, using ourselves as test subjects.",
            'Author': 'Laurel Clark'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10757,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's been the structure of my life: you scheme and plan and try and fail and try again and accumulate
and lose and win back, and then you tell.",
            'Author': 'Jerry Weintraub'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I play- it's kind of like a slice-of-life, LA women in their forties, playing forty kind of what's 
their friendship like, and what's their life like and so I just play one of the four friends.",
            'Author': 'Joan Cusack'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10767,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I urge younger artists to know that you don't have to be anything you don't want. You can do 
whatever's comfortable for you. From the music I make, to the things I do in my life, I'm true to my R&B core. I have the 
capability to make pop records and crossover, but that's not my aim.",
            'Author': 'Trey Songz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10770,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Conan Doyle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10773,
        'record': {'Quote': 'In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate.', 'Author': 'Isaac Asimov'}
    },
    {'id': 10782, 'record': {'Quote': 'A happy wife is a happy life.', 'Author': 'Gavin Rossdale'}},
    {
        'id': 10793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Among the many signs of a lively faith and hope we have in eternal life, one of the surest is not 
being overly sad at the death of those whom we dearly love in our Lord.',
            'Author': 'Saint Ignatius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many 
blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this 
music, and then my family.",
            'Author': 'Trey Anastasio'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10811, 'record': {'Quote': 'Painting completed my life.', 'Author': 'Frida Kahlo'}},
    {
        'id': 10817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Someday, somewhere - anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the
happiest or bitterest hour of your life.",
            'Author': 'Pablo Neruda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10826,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Total absence of humor renders life impossible.', 'Author': 'Sidonie Gabrielle Colette'}
    },
    {
        'id': 10830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '\u200eLife is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.',
            'Author': 'Voltaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10851,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.",
            'Author': 'Marilyn Monroe'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10862, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is too short to blend in.', 'Author': 'Paris Hilton'}},
    {
        'id': 10870,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.",
            'Author': 'Ian Fleming'
        }
    },
    {'id': 10877, 'record': {'Quote': "Everything we do impacts someone else's life.", 'Author': 'Nicolas Cage'}},
    {
        'id': 10893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Safran Foer,  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10896,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The world helps you to keep evolving and hope it's for better. You have to rise above all the 
tragedies in life. You have to grow, and if you stop growing, you are old.",
            'Author': 'Hrithik Roshan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10904,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being
alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.",
            'Author': 'Anne Hathaway'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of
my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not 
there, but I'll always come back.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10919,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter.',
            'Author': 'Tahar Ben Jelloun'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10921,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have always wanted a bunny and I'll always have a rabbit the rest of my life.",
            'Author': 'Amy Sedaris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10923,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.',
            'Author': 'Dorothea Lange'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope that my story, I hope that my life is... an encouragement for people, especially in Brooklyn. 
I feel humbled and blessed.',
            'Author': 'Iyanla Vanzant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be 
taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure
love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?',
            'Author': 'Dennis Prager'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10939,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay
focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them
closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them.',
            'Author': 'Jack Canfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10969,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. 
This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only 
thing you should be trying to control.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10976,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or
mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the
achievement of your values.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words; about the margins,
where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and 
truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.',
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 10991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the 
most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.',
            'Author': 'Golda Meir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11012,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A simple life is good with me. I don't need a whole lot. For me, a T-shirt, a pair of shorts, 
barefoot on a beach and I'm happy.",
            'Author': 'Yanni'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.',
            'Author': 'Vincent van Gogh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11019,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.",
            'Author': 'Sherrilyn Kenyon,  Acheron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You 
had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.",
            'Author': "Stewart O'Nan,  The Odds: A Love Story"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11023,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose love or hate…I choose love.',
            'Author': 'Johnny Cash'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in 
fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11034,
        'record': {'Quote': 'If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.', 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}
    },
    {
        'id': 11046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being a mom is what life is about. I hope people realize what the priorities in life should be and 
know not everything has to be perfect.',
            'Author': 'Kourtney Kardashian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life, choose a sense of humor.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Jones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11049,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are 
the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding 
life.',
            'Author': 'Marilu Henner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11056,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.',
            'Author': 'Jeffrey Eugenides,  Middlesex'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11070,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {'id': 11079, 'record': {'Quote': 'You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?', 'Author': 'Rumi'}},
    {
        'id': 11101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good 
about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.",
            'Author': 'Johnny Depp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11102,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are all serving a life sentence, and good behavior is our only hope for a pardon.',
            'Author': 'Douglas Horton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11105,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the 
foundational principle that holds all relationships.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Covey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me -
more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be 
kind.",
            'Author': 'Rafe Spall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything 
to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever.',
            'Author': 'David Gest'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out 
equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11129,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Really, the combination of the scabs and the ointment looks hideous. I can\'t help enjoying his 
distress."Poor Finnick. Is this the first time in your life you haven\'t looked pretty?"I say."It must be. The sensation\'s
completely new. How have you managed it all these years?"he asks."Just avoid mirrors. You\'ll forget about it,"I say."Not 
if I keep looking at you,"he says.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I never read the life of any important person without discovering that he knew more and could do more
than I could ever hope to know or do in half a dozen lifetimes.',
            'Author': 'J. B. Priestley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and 
start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.",
            'Author': 'Bob Feller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11142,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the 
heart that there's no forgetting them.",
            'Author': 'John Boyne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11157,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.',
            'Author': 'Norman Cousins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11161,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11162,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all 
lights.',
            'Author': 'Bram Stoker,  Dracula'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11168,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. 
Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to 
make it last.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Dear John'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, 
and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every 
step of the way.",
            'Author': 'Andrew Shue'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11183,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And in the end it is not the years in your life that count, it's the life in your years.",
            'Author': 'Abraham Lincoln'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was my father who taught me to value myself. He told me that I was uncommonly beautiful and that I
was the most precious thing in his life.',
            'Author': 'Dawn French'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11199,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love is the crowning grace of humanity, the holiest right of the soul, the golden link which binds us
to duty and truth, the redeeming principle that chiefly reconciles the heart to life, and is prophetic of eternal good.',
            'Author': 'Petrarch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11218,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Did you ever think that in a past life Alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling 
at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn? Because I do,',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11220,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People equate success with youth. And if you haven't had a certain amount of success by a certain 
time in your life, it's never going to happen. There's a fear about that. So people start lying about their age really 
young. I've never done that because I think it's so insignificant.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Jason Leigh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let
go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of
love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.",
            'Author': 'Henri Nouwen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11236,
        'record': {'Quote': 'A good book is an event in my life.', 'Author': 'Stendhal,  The Red and the Black'}
    },
    {
        'id': 11250,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most of me was glad when my mother died. She was a handful, but not in a cute, festive way. More in a
life-threatening way, that had caused me a long time ago to give up all hope of ever feeling good about having had her as a
mother.',
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11253,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.',
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can imagine no more comfortable frame of mind for the conduct of life than a humorous 
resignation.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11273,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Garvey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11288,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you don't like me, life goes on, you know what I mean? But I hope you do like me. Because I think 
that in addition to being pushy, I'm nice.",
            'Author': 'Christine Quinn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11291,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.", 'Author': 'George Eliot'}
    },
    {
        'id': 11293,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The work of art, just like any fragment of human life considered in its deepest meaning, seems to me 
devoid of value if it does not offer the hardness, the rigidity, the regularity, the luster on every interior and exterior 
facet, of the crystal.',
            'Author': 'Pope Paul VI'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.",
            'Author': 'Arthur C. Clarke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11317,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our parents deserve our honor and respect for giving us life itself. Beyond this they almost always 
made countless sacrifices as they cared for and nurtured us through our infancy and childhood, provided us with the 
necessities of life, and nursed us through physical illnesses and the emotional stresses of growing up.',
            'Author': 'Ezra Taft Benson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11334,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.',
            'Author': 'Meister Eckhart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11335,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in 
the one word 'love'. It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life.",
            'Author': 'Lydia M. Child'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.',
            'Author': 'Kazuo Ishiguro'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11374,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I see myself on film it makes me smile, I mean making a good living doing what I enjoy is soo 
much fun. I just hope that everyone has the chance to enjoy life like I do.',
            'Author': 'Adrienne Barbeau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence 
in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.',
            'Author': 'Marie Curie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11385,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11390,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We write in ways that, we generally hope, reflect real life, or at least look familiar to humans. And
in life, recurring themes are a recurring theme. We never quite conquer a pet vice or a relationship pattern or a 
communication habit. We're haunted by our particular demons.",
            'Author': 'Sara Zarr'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11404,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite 
book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, 
complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Rescue'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To me, sadness and humor aren't disrelated and humor is the best tool I've had against the sadness in
my life.",
            'Author': 'Mike Mills'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A painter, who finds no satisfaction in mere representation, however artistic, in his longing to 
express his inner life, cannot but envy the ease with which music, the most non-material of the arts today, achieves this 
end. He naturally seeks to apply the methods of music to his own art.',
            'Author': 'Wassily Kandinsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11434,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.',
            'Author': 'Hubert H. Humphrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11437,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are so many opportunities in life, that the loss of two or three capabilities is not 
necessarily debilitating. A handicap can give you the opportunity to focus more on art, writing, or music.',
            'Author': 'Jim Davis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11438,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my 
life.',
            'Author': 'Walt Whitman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11464,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11495,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much 
value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.",
            'Author': 'Boris Pasternak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not ashamed to be me. More than anyone else I know, I love my life and accept myself. What's 
wrong with being unique? I am proud of everything that I am and will become.",
            'Author': 'Johnny Weir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ask any successful person to look back over the events of his or her life, and chances are there'll 
be a turning point of one kind or another. It doesn't matter if that success has come on a ball field or in a boardroom, in
a research laboratory or on a campaign trail - it can usually be traced to some pivotal moment.",
            'Author': 'Bill Rancic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11521,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11533,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love.",
            'Author': 'William Wordsworth,  Lyrical Ballads'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11538,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice
everything else for it.',
            'Author': 'J.M. Barrie,  Peter Pan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11543,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.',
            'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In life, you have to take the pace that love goes. You don't force it. You just don't force love, you
don't force falling in love, you don't force being in love - you just become. I don't know how to say that in English, but 
you just feel it.",
            'Author': 'Juan Pablo Galavis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11572,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after
a loss.',
            'Author': 'Allen Klein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11603,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I get lonely these days, I think: So BE lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a 
map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience. But never again use another person's body 
or emotions as a scratching post for your own unfulfilled yearnings.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11633,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely 
on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little 
corner of the earth all one's lifetime.",
            'Author': 'Mark Twain,  The Innocents Abroad/Roughing It'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11637,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'America stands as a beacon of hope and the possibility of a better life - but it is also a nation 
where nearly 1 in 4 children live in poverty.',
            'Author': 'Chris Van Hollen'
        }
    },
    {'id': 11640, 'record': {'Quote': 'The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.', 'Author': 'Audrey Hepburn'}},
    {
        'id': 11644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. 
Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake.",
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not 
been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to 
escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.',
            'Author': 'Edgar Allan Poe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11657,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature.",
            'Author': 'Julian Barnes,  The Sense of an Ending'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11669,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given 
me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.",
            'Author': 'Charles R. Swindoll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think that everybody needs four things in life. Everybody needs something to do regardless of age. 
Everybody needs someone to love. Everybody needs something to hope for, and, of course, everybody needs someone to believe 
in.',
            'Author': 'Lou Holtz'
        }
    },
    {'id': 11695, 'record': {'Quote': 'Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.', 'Author': 'Omar Khayyam'}},
    {
        'id': 11698,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have you really read all those books in your room?”Alaska laughing- “Oh God no. I’ve maybe read a 
third of ‘em. But I’m going to read them all. I call it my Life’s Library. Every summer since I was little, I’ve gone to 
garage sales and bought all the books that looked interesting. So I always have something to read.',
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.',
            'Author': 'Robert Louis Stevenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11713,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.',
            'Author': 'Ashleigh Brilliant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The hope of eternal life is not to be taken up upon slight grounds. It is a subject to be settled 
between God and your own soul; settled for eternity. A supposed hope, and nothing more, will prove your ruin.',
            'Author': 'Ellen G. White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11719,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Richard Donner's friendship and guidance showed me that there's more to life than being an actor.",
            'Author': 'Jeff Cohen'
        }
    },
    {'id': 11721, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.', 'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'}},
    {
        'id': 11725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.',
            'Author': 'P.C. Cast'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But who can say what's best? That's why you need to grab whatever chance you have of happiness where 
you find it, and not worry about other people too much. My experience tells me that we get no more than two or three such 
chances in a life time, and if we let them go, we regret it for the rest of our lives.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Norwegian Wood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Here's a news flash: No soldier gives his life. That's not the way it works. Most soldiers who make a
conscious decision to place themselves in harm's way do it to protect their buddies. They do it because of the bonds of 
friendship - and it goes so much deeper than friendship.",
            'Author': 'Eric Massa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11740,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life 
as a champion.'",
            'Author': 'Muhammad Ali'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11743,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Art and religion first; then philosophy; lastly science. That is the order of the great subjects of 
life, that's their order of importance.",
            'Author': 'Muriel Spark'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your
mouth shut',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11752,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, 
your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.',
            'Author': 'Frank Zappa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11762,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11764,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All I tell artists is, 'Do what you love. Never let anybody talk you into changing what your musical 
idea is just to try to get a hit, because you're chasing your tail that way. It's not going to happen, and if you're 
successful, you have to do it the rest of your life. Stay true to it and do it for the sake of the art.'",
            'Author': 'Gloria Estefan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11771,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer 
exist.',
            'Author': 'Guy de Maupassant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11772,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Patience, grasshopper,"said Maia. "Good things come to those who wait.""I always thought that was 
\'Good things come to those who do the wave,\'"said Simon. "No wonder I\'ve been so confused all my life.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11773,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One wordFrees us of all the weight and pain of life:That word is love.',
            'Author': 'Sophocles'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.",
            'Author': 'Lev Grossman,  The Magicians'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people 
fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring 
to the world a better life.',
            'Author': 'Harry Bridges'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11779,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As told in Friendship with God, if we simply decided to believe and act as if first, we're all one, 
and second, life is eternal, it would render virtually everything we've done all our lives pointless.",
            'Author': 'Neale Donald Walsch'
        }
    },
    {'id': 11781, 'record': {'Quote': 'Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.', 'Author': 'Matt Cameron'}},
    {
        'id': 11788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed 
feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through 
the moments where you should've been paying attention.Well, get used to that feeling. That's how your whole life will feel 
some day.This is all practice.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Invisible Monsters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Nobody gets everything in this life. You decide your priorities and you make your choices. I'd 
decided long ago that any cake I had would be eaten.",
            'Author': 'Donald E. Westlake,  Two Much'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11797,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let
reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.",
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11798,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.",
            'Author': 'Edward Everett Hale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose 
life has given them vodka, and have a party.',
            'Author': 'Ron White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11803,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the film world, we can all be heroes. In the real world, where heroism can cost you your life or 
the life of the ones you love, people aren't so willing to make those sacrifices. When they do, they are set apart from the
rest of us.",
            'Author': 'John Rhys-Davies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11808,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of 
transportation.',
            'Author': 'Yann Martel,  Life of Pi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11814,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously
know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out 
nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11824,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which
is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner 
voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11826,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.',
            'Author': 'Jimi Hendrix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no 
one but you yourself alone.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11840,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at 
such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The 
challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept
our destiny.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Devil and Miss Prym'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11856,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a collective as well as an individual humor inclining peoples to sadness or cheerfulness, 
making them see things in bright or somber lights. In fact, only society can pass a collective opinion on the value of 
human life; for this the individual is incompetent.',
            'Author': 'Emile Durkheim'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11874,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to 
have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11915,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut,  The Sirens of Titan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11932,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your 
mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!",
            'Author': 'Bob Marley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11939,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really 
getting interesting.",
            'Author': 'Lemony Snicket,  The Grim Grotto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11942,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11954,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.',
            'Author': 'Peter Shaffer,  Five Finger Exercise: A Play'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.',
            'Author': 'Voltaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11968,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I know it's wrong - God, it's all kinds of wrong - but I just want to lie down with you and wake up 
with you, just once, just once ever in my life.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 11989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can 
choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and 
treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself.',
            'Author': 'Walter Anderson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12006,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Starting a business isn't for everyone, and it's not what you should do if you aren't sure what else 
to do. It requires thick skin and the willingness to carry a great deal of stress, sometimes alone. It's more often a life 
of failure than a life of success, and the majority of successes came after a long road of disappointment, and often 
shame.",
            'Author': 'Kathryn Minshew'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In a basic sense, 'A Little Life' is a homage to how my friends and I live our lives. I wanted to 
push past the definitions of how we typically define friendship. It's a different version of adulthood, but it's no less 
important and no less legitimate than anyone else's.",
            'Author': 'Hanya Yanagihara'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12009,
        'record': {'Quote': 'You have to have a sense of humor about life to get through it.', 'Author': 'Kesha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 12010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my 
success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.',
            'Author': 'George Washington'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12014,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of 
life.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12015,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and 
without fear for newer and richer experience.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign 
that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.",
            'Author': 'Hugh Sidey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12035,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life.',
            'Author': 'Barbara de Angelis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12037,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't get high, but sometimes I wish I did. That way, when I messed up in life I would have an 
excuse. But right now there's no rehab for stupidity.",
            'Author': 'Chris Rock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12059,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Not everything happens for a reason. Sometimes life just sucks.', 'Author': 'Alexa Chung'}
    },
    {
        'id': 12061,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There can be nothing exclusive about substantial art. It comes directly out of the heart of the 
experience of life and thinking about life and living life.',
            'Author': 'Charles Ives'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.',
            'Author': 'Bob Marley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.',
            'Author': 'Mike Murdock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12087,
        'record': {'Quote': 'You never know what life is like, until you have lived it.', 'Author': 'Marilyn Monroe'}
    },
    {
        'id': 12093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To die, it's easy. But you have to struggle for life.",
            'Author': "Art Spiegelman,  Maus I: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.',
            'Author': 'Nora Roberts,  Vision in White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12107,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable.',
            'Author': 'Joe Biden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12113,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some 
music at least once every week.',
            'Author': 'Charles Darwin,  The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after 
all.',
            'Author': 'Laura Ingalls Wilder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12127,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm living by example by continuing on with my career and having a full, rich life, and I am 
incidentally gay.",
            'Author': 'Portia de Rossi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.",
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12141,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not 
get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.",
            'Author': 'John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I only photograph myself at poignant moments in my life as a check of where I am and how large my 
thighs are.',
            'Author': 'Sam Taylor-Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, 
loved in spite of ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Poetry is often the art of overhearing yourself say things you didn't know you knew. It is a learned 
skill to force yourself to articulate your life, your present world or your possibilities for the future.",
            'Author': 'David Whyte'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12155,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.",
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12160,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need 
me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too 
painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I 
don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  If I Stay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12164,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot 
find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!',
            'Author': 'Emily Brontë,  Wuthering Heights'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition 
of your life, but define yourself.",
            'Author': 'Harvey Fierstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12205,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm very happy with my life. I am what I am. I don't worry about anything that I can't control. 
That's a really good lesson in life.",
            'Author': 'Tom Watson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12213,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.',
            'Author': 'Carlos Castaneda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For those who have made the ultimate sacrifice, we are grateful that such men and women were among 
us. For those who continue to serve, we honor their commitment. For those who return to civilian life, we honor their 
service.',
            'Author': 'Steve Buyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I got schooled this yearbyaboy.A boy that I'm seriously, deeply, madly, incredibly, and undeniably in
love  with.And he taught me the most important thing of all...To put the emphasisOn  life .",
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Slammed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12244,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must write every single day of your life... You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like 
ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads... may you be in love every day for the
next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12253,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain
parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.',
            'Author': 'Henry Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12273,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.',
            'Author': 'William Makepeace Thackeray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.',
            'Author': 'Robert Motherwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you let people into your life a little bit, they can be pretty damn amazing.',
            'Author': 'Sherman Alexie,  The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12301,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jellyfish.', 'Author': 'Charlie Chaplin'}
    },
    {
        'id': 12308,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You make a choice in your life, and it affects your life in all the ways, good and bad.',
            'Author': 'John Mayer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have you ever lost someone you love and wanted one more conversation, one more chance to make up for 
the time when you thought they would be here forever? If so, then you know you can go your whole life collecting days, and 
none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  For One More Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12336,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sickness, insanity and death were the angels that surrounded my cradle and they have followed me 
throughout my life.',
            'Author': 'Edvard Munch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12356,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is complex. You don't have any person who is nice from the beginning until the end. You don't 
always have the notion of redemption. The bad people don't always pay.",
            'Author': 'Marjane Satrapi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12368,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your 
heart',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is a Japanese proverb that literally goes 'Raise the sail with your stronger hand', meaning you
must go after the opportunities that arise in life that you are best equipped to do.",
            'Author': 'Soichiro Honda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12399,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every musician, their goal in life is to play music that people love, and I've accomplished my goal. 
I was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and left that chapter of my life and those people in the past. Good and 
bad, I've loved and am thankful for that chapter.",
            'Author': 'Steven Adler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I grew up when one of America's greatest black playwrights, August Wilson, was writing about life in 
Pittsburgh, but I never saw myself in any of his straight-male plays. And then I see 'Angels,' which was so honest and 
painful, and it had this black drag queen in it, Belize, with a big heart. I finally had a character to relate to.",
            'Author': 'Billy Porter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12427,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something 
to hope for.',
            'Author': 'George Washington Burnap,  The Sphere and Duties of Woman: A Course of Lectures'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12440,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy 
doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your 
life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating 
something that gives you purpose and meaning.",
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12454,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than 
death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.",
            'Author': 'Jim Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is 
enough for one man's life.",
            'Author': 'T.S. Eliot,  The Use of Poetry and the Use of Criticism'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Despite my firm convictions, I have always been a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the 
reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds. I have always kept an open mind, a flexibility that must go 
hand in hand with every form of the intelligent search for truth.',
            'Author': 'Malcolm X'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you 
has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard.',
            'Author': 'John Grisham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12501,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let 
go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.',
            'Author': 'Rumi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life 
shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls.",
            'Author': 'Anaïs Nin,  Incest: From a Journal of Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life has death and every light has shadow. Be content to stand in the light and let the shadow 
fall where it will.',
            'Author': 'Mary Stewart,  The Hollow Hills'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12528,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life--and they are the 
only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.',
            'Author': 'Dean Koontz,  Fear Nothing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12529,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In times of grief and sorrow I will hold you and rock you and take your grief and make it my own. 
When you cry I cry and when you hurt I hurt. And together we will try to hold back the floods to tears and despair and make
it through the potholed street of life',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12534,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The quality of life is more important than life itself.', 'Author': 'Alexis Carrel'}
    },
    {
        'id': 12554,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have had a happy life and thank the Lord. Goodbye and may God bless all!',
            'Author': 'Christopher McCandless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12569,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Motherhood has most definitely changed me and my life. It's so crazy how drastic even the small 
details change - in such an amazing way. Even silly things, like the fact that all of my pictures on my cell phone used to 
be of me at photo shoots - conceited, I know! - but now every single picture on my phone is of Mason.",
            'Author': 'Kourtney Kardashian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12576,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the 
first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about 
you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12598,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the 
patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation 
could be life-saving.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Murray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12602,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After you have wept and grieved for your physical losses, cherish the functions and the life you have
left.',
            'Author': 'Morrie Schwartz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12605,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.',
            'Author': 'Don Miguel Ruiz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12617,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have 
the person who was worth all the fighting for?',
            'Author': "Stephanie Lennox,  I Don't Remember You"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12626,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, 
again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.',
            'Author': 'Rebecca Walker,  Baby Love: Choosing Motherhood After a Lifetime of Ambivalence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.',
            'Author': 'Fernando Pessoa,  The Book of Disquiet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12635,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've grown up a lot, I'm on my own, and I've learned some valuable life lessons.",
            'Author': 'Zac Efron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12654,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife.',
            'Author': "Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and 
Indonesia"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12662,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If anybody wanted to photograph my life, they'd get bored in a day.",
            'Author': 'Matt Damon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One of the things I've started doing lately is tracking my dreams. I feel like there's a lot of 
information there and you can really bring those emotions to the situations that may feel mundane or familiar. That gives 
them new life and gives you a new relationship with it - if that makes any sort of sense.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Carpenter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12735,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Can you understand? Someone, somewhere, can you understand me a little, love me a little? For all my 
despair, for all my ideals, for all that - I love life. But it is hard, and I have so much - so very much to learn.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse 
then starving the body; it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body.',
            'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12755,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than 
anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which 
humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more 
powerful than greed.",
            'Author': 'Fred Rogers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit.
And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.',
            'Author': 'Horton Foote'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12773,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are constituted so that simple acts of kindness, such as giving to charity or expressing 
gratitude, have a positive effect on our long-term moods. The key to the happy life, it seems, is the good life: a life 
with sustained relationships, challenging work, and connections to community.',
            'Author': 'Paul Bloom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's so strange how life works: You want something and you wait and wait and feel like it's taking 
forever to come. Then it happens and it's over and all you want to do is curl back up in that moment before things 
changed.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Delirium'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12784,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.',
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so slightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all 
four corners. Often the attachment is scarcely perceptible.",
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12805,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - 
the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living.',
            'Author': "Seán O'Casey"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life goes on, and I'm moving on to the next thing, but I hope the soaps that are still running will 
thrive. They have millions of loyal viewers.",
            'Author': 'Susan Lucci'
        }
    },
    {'id': 12821, 'record': {'Quote': 'I have led a pretty colorful life.', 'Author': 'Corey Feldman'}},
    {
        'id': 12826,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Usually we walk around constantly believing ourselves. "I\'m okay"we say. "I\'m alright". But 
sometimes the truth arrives on you and you can\'t get it off. That\'s when you realize that sometimes it isn\'t even an 
answer--it\'s a question. Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.',
            'Author': 'Markus Zusak,  The Book Thief'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we listened to our intellect we\'d never have a love affair. We\'d never have a friendship. We\'d 
never go in business because we\'d be cynical: "It\'s gonna go wrong."Or "She\'s going to hurt me."Or,"I\'ve had a couple 
of bad love affairs, so therefore . . ."Well, that\'s nonsense. You\'re going to miss life. You\'ve got to jump off the 
cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury'
        }
    },
    {'id': 12835, 'record': {'Quote': "Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.", 'Author': 'Woody Allen'}},
    {'id': 12837, 'record': {'Quote': 'Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.', 'Author': 'Harvey Pekar'}},
    {
        'id': 12847,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think a big test we all face in life on a regular basis is that discouragement test. Life's not 
always fair, but I believe if you keep doing the right thing, God will get you to where you are.",
            'Author': 'Joel Osteen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12877,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Primarily, 'Black Girl/White Girl' is the story of two very different, yet somehow 'fated' girls; for
Genna, her 'friendship' with Minette is the most haunting of her life, though it is one-sided and ends in tragedy.",
            'Author': 'Joyce Carol Oates'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing
after the dreams of others.",
            'Author': 'Chin-Ning Chu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12884,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.",
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Last Olympian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Kellerman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12890,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can go through life and make new friends every year - every month practically - but there was 
never any substitute for those friendships of childhood that survive into adult years. Those are the ones in which we are 
bound to one another with hoops of steel.',
            'Author': "Alexander McCall Smith,  The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12916,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume 
and pass judgement.",
            'Author': 'Tami Hoag,  Dark Horse'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have enjoyed most particularly reading the correspondence between Gustav Mahler and Richard 
Strauss. The genuine friendship, competitiveness and support that thread through their communications are life lessons for 
us all.',
            'Author': 'Jessye Norman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12935,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A story to me means a plot where there is some surprise. Because that is how life is - full of 
surprises.',
            'Author': 'Isaac Bashevis Singer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12954,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just like gold, which has to weather very high temperatures to achieve the sheen and shine it finally
gets, so also every person has to go through struggles in his life to achieve success.',
            'Author': 'Kailash Kher'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12957,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the secrets of life is to keep our intellectual curiosity acute.',
            'Author': 'William Lyon Phelps'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12974,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller,  The Open Door'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for 
others.',
            'Author': 'Lewis Carroll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For a long time, music was hope. Now it seems music isn't enough to make me happy. It used to be 
that's all I needed to keep going. Now I need other things to take up the other parts of my life.",
            'Author': 'Juliana Hatfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 12999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over
instead of craving control over what you don't.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus,  A Happy Death'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to 
know what you're going to do next!",
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  The Undomestic Goddess'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13014,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has 
braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?',
            'Author': 'Hunter S. Thompson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13020,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Bhagavad Gita--that ancient Indian Yogic text--says that it is better to live your own destiny 
imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in revenge. When people are bullies it's because of a deeper-rooted issue - either 
their family life is tough or they're being bullied by someone bigger than they are.",
            'Author': 'Khloe Kardashian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13053,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.',
            'Author': "Oscar Wilde,  Lady Windermere's Fan"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Since the beginning, Native Peoples lived a life of being in harmony with all that surrounds us.',
            'Author': 'Dennis Banks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13060,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't feel any need to play the role of the clown. In my private life I take a break from humor.",
            'Author': 'Gad Elmaleh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13064,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The truth is life is full of joy and full of great sorrow, but you can't have one without the 
other.",
            'Author': 'Andre Dubus III,  House of Sand and Fog'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think I’m greedy, but I’m not greedy for money - I think that can be a burden - I’m greedy for an 
exciting life.',
            'Author': 'David Hockney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life seems sometimes like nothing more than a series of losses, from beginning to end. That's the 
given. How you respond to those losses, what you make of what's left, that's the part you have to make up as you go.",
            'Author': 'Katharine Weber,  The Music Lesson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk 
away not knowing that you are my life.',
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13085,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'O, to be sure, we laugh less and play less and wear uncomfortable disguises like adults, but beneath 
the costume is the child we always are, whose needs are simple, whose daily life is still best described by fairy tales.',
            'Author': 'Leo Rosten'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13086,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.',
            'Author': 'Elinor Glyn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we 
when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!',
            'Author': 'William Hazlitt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13095,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For many of us, clean water is so plentiful and readily available that we rarely, if ever, pause to 
consider what life would be like without it.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Samuelsson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13096,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That I survived the Holocaust and went on to love beautiful girls, to talk, to write, to have toast 
and tea and live my life - that is what is abnormal.',
            'Author': 'Elie Wiesel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13102,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 1: Preludes and Nocturnes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13103,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,To the last 
syllable of recorded time;And all our yesterdays have lighted foolsThe way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!Life's 
but a walking shadow, a poor player,That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,And then is heard no more. It is a 
taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.",
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Macbeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13108,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on 
the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.',
            'Author': 'Gabriel Garcí\xada Márquez,  Love in the Time of Cholera'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether
they were enjoying it.',
            'Author': "Douglas Adams,  The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13118,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of my main regrets in life is giving considerable thought to inconsiderate people.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Reality TV is to popular because it allows so many people to sit on the sidelines and just watch 
somebody else's life. God is saying, 'Don't sit on the sidelines of life. I have put so much in you, but you have got to be
strong and very courageous. You have got to step out in faith.'",
            'Author': 'Victoria Osteen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13140,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you
for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.",
            'Author': 'Rita Mae Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13143,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to
him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not 
deserve to die.",
            'Author': 'George R.R. Martin,  A Game of Thrones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite 
the pounding in the heart that says: turn back....',
            'Author': 'Erica Jong'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13154,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not lost by dying; life is lost minute by minute, day by dragging day, in all the thousand 
small uncaring ways.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Vincent Benet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What I've come to know is that in life, it's not always the questions we ask, but rather our ability 
to hear the answers that truly enriches our understanding. Never, never stop learning.",
            'Author': 'Lester Holt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13195,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'At this point in my life - age 24 - I have chosen a fairly strange path that not many are walking. I 
am a professional spoken word poet who tours the world performing and teaching. I run an organization called Project VOICE 
dedicated to using this art form as an education and empowerment tool in schools and communities of all kinds.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Kay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13205,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I live for coincidences. They briefly give to me the illusion or the hope that there's a pattern to 
my life, and if there's a pattern, then maybe I'm moving toward some kind of destiny where it's all explained.",
            'Author': 'Jonathan Ames,  My Less Than Secret Life: A Diary, Fiction, Essays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13211,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't think life is absurd. I think we are all here for a huge purpose. I think we shrink from the 
immensity of the purpose we are here for.",
            'Author': 'Norman Mailer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13222,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.",
            'Author': 'Groucho Marx'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13227,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them.',
            'Author': 'John C. Maxwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think I've lived a pretty hard life. What I mean by hard is that... I've been kind of reckless with
things. I'm a passionate person. I'm a super passionate person. I think there's definitely been sorrow in my life, good and
bad. I think it comes through. I hope it comes through in my writing because to me that's what artistry is.",
            'Author': 'Kip Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13232,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love is a really scary thing, and you never know what's going to happen. It's one of the most 
beautiful things in life, but it's one of the most terrifying. It's worth the fear because you have more knowledge, 
experience, you learn from people, and you have memories.",
            'Author': 'Ariana Grande'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think it's important to find humor anywhere you can. In real life, with the darkest, scariest, most
intense moments, if you can find something funny, that's good.",
            'Author': 'Katie Lowes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13238,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There comes a time in every life when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your heart.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  Just Listen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13269,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well.',
            'Author': 'Denis Waitley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secular world looks to the church and to its chagrin, finds no love, no life, no laughter, no 
hope and no happiness.',
            'Author': 'Rod Parsley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things.",
            'Author': 'Kenneth Branagh'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13281, 'record': {'Quote': 'It is not the length of life, but the depth.', 'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'}},
    {
        'id': 13285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She believed, of course ... because without something to believe in, life would be intolerable.',
            'Author': 'Rosamunde Pilcher,  The Shell Seekers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever 
be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow 
older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already 
happened.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Coupland,  Life After God'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13295, 'record': {'Quote': "Tomorrow's life is too late. Live today.", 'Author': 'Marcus Valerius Martialis'}},
    {
        'id': 13296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Spending time with you showed me what I’ve been missing in my life.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Choice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13303,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've learnt that through life you just get on with it. You're going to meet a lot of dishonest people
along the line and you say good luck to them. I hope they live in comfort. Then I start sticking more pins in their 
effigies.",
            'Author': 'Roger Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went 
through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through 
that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that 
way.',
            'Author': 'Skylar Grey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13308,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to 
extend my life as long as possible.',
            'Author': 'Michelangelo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13332,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was the kind of kiss that mademe know that I was never so happy in my whole life.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13333, 'record': {'Quote': "Love isn't an act, it's a whole life.", 'Author': 'Brian Moore'}},
    {
        'id': 13340,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I do have a lot of time for people in my life, and friendship is a very important subject for me. I 
think I'm unusual among the writers I know in that respect.",
            'Author': 'Salman Rushdie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13342,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God wants my life to be about being successful and being happy and blessing other people and being 
blessed.',
            'Author': 'Miley Cyrus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13357,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island and best of all, you
can enjoy these riches every day of your life.",
            'Author': 'Walt Disney Company'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13359,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain 
defeat.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Ellison,  Invisible Man'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All of us suffer some injuries from experiences that seem to have no rhyme or reason. We cannot 
understand or explain them. We may never know why some things happen in this life. The reason for some of our suffering is 
known only to the Lord.',
            'Author': 'James E. Faust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13369,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we meet someone and fall in love, we have a sense that the whole universe is on our side. And 
yet if something goes wrong, there is nothing left! How is it possible for the beauty that was there only minutes before to
vanish so quickly? Life moves very fast. It rushes from heaven to hell in a matter of seconds.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Eleven Minutes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13377,
        'record': {'Quote': 'A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.', 'Author': 'Lillian Gish'}
    },
    {
        'id': 13381,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, 
something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your 
instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.',
            'Author': 'Judith McNaught,  Remember When'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is full of happiness and tears; be strong and have faith.',
            'Author': 'Kareena Kapoor Khan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The secret to success, to parenting, to life, is to not count up the cost. Don't focus on all the 
steps it will take. Don't stare into the abyss at the giant leap it will take. That view will keep you from taking the next
small step.",
            'Author': 'Regina Brett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13408,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have a personal ambition to live my life honestly and honor the true love that I've had and also 
the people I've had around me. I want to stay hopeful, even though I get scared about why we're even alive at all.",
            'Author': 'Lana Del Rey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13414,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People make mistakes in life through believing too much, but they have a damned dull time if they 
believe too little.',
            'Author': 'James Hilton,  Lost Horizon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is 
the context of my life to go on without end.',
            'Author': 'Simone de Beauvoir,  La Vieillesse'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I love life. I wish I could live another 500 years, truly. There is so much to do. I don't feel 
bitter or angry or disappointed. If anything, I am very grateful for where I come from. I have absolutely no regrets.",
            'Author': 'Waris Dirie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13433,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My alma mater was books, a good library.... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just 
satisfying my curiosity.',
            'Author': 'Malcolm X'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13442,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll 
see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing...",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13446,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm nutty for nutrition. I've become one of those people who can't stop talking about the connection 
between food and health. Now that I know how much changing what you eat can transform your life, I can't stop 
proselytizing.",
            'Author': 'Robin Quivers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Have you ever played a video game that didn't have escalating levels of difficulty? Well, life can 
feel like play, too, when we purposefully engage in activities that demand we test and develop our skills.",
            'Author': 'Brendon Burchard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I do think a key to success in any walk of life is having a short memory and a thick skin - I know it
has served me well over the years.',
            'Author': 'Aubrey McClendon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm in this wonderful place of life, where everything I'm doing is something I do because I enjoy 
it.",
            'Author': 'Mike Huckabee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13498,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is
live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs 
and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.",
            'Author': 'Chris Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in 
life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.',
            'Author': 'Richard Lugar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13515,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not sure the least educated members of the population are missing out on the advances in medical 
technology as much as they are adopting harmful behavioral habits that shorten their life.",
            'Author': 'S. Jay Olshansky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life has become immeasurably better since I have been forced to stop taking it seriously.',
            'Author': 'Hunter S. Thompson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13531,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We die. That may be the meaning of life. But we do language. That may be the measure of our lives.',
            'Author': 'Toni Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked 
every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life.",
            'Author': 'Emo Philips'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13555,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you care about something you have to protect it – If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you
love, you have to find the courage to live it.',
            'Author': 'John Irving,  A Prayer for Owen Meany'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13563,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. 
It is only important what you do.',
            'Author': 'Patrick Ness,  A Monster Calls'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13569,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wish more people felt that photography was an adventure the same as life itself and felt that their
individual feelings were worth expressing. To me, that makes photography more exciting.',
            'Author': 'Harry Callahan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I meet people in my daily life, people who seem to experience some change and some growth on a 
personal level, and that gives me hope.',
            'Author': 'Tracy Chapman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13572,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Absurdity is what I like most in life, and there's humor in struggling in ignorance. If you saw a man
repeatedly running into a wall until he was a bloody pulp, after a while it would make you laugh because it becomes 
absurd.",
            'Author': 'David Lynch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I also had a brother who was like me a musician and a composer. A man of great talent, far more 
gifted than I. He died very young... he killed himself in the prime of his life.',
            'Author': 'Gustav Mahler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13594,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As a person, he was wonderful. He really was a great person. He was full of life. He had a great 
sense of humor. Very talented, of course, but very caring to his parents. There was a very endearing quality about Elvis.',
            'Author': 'Priscilla Presley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13598,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false 
test?"...Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, "We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay.',
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13603,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.",
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13608,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is all about the friendship and the love and the music. It sounds silly, but it is. I want to 
have that experience as much as I can as an adult, not as a kid doing something that people are telling her she has to do. 
If anyone gets in my way, I'm going to get them out of my way.",
            'Author': 'Fiona Apple'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13610,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People with lots of doubts sometimes find life more oppressive and exhausting than others, but 
they're more energetic - they aren't robots.",
            'Author': 'Antonio Tabucchi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an 
edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the 
world falls away on either side.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Delirium'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.',
            'Author': 'George R.R. Martin,  A Game of Thrones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13633,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of
life.',
            'Author': 'Henry Ford'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13638, 'record': {'Quote': 'My life is part humor, part roses, part thorns.', 'Author': 'Bret Michaels'}},
    {
        'id': 13656,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.',
            'Author': 'Om Puri'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13660, 'record': {'Quote': "Life's full of tricky snakes and ladders.", 'Author': 'Steven Patrick Morrissey'}},
    {
        'id': 13675,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.',
            'Author': "Thomas Keneally,  Schindler's List"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you think somebody cares about you and believes your life is worth saving, how can you give up?',
            'Author': 'Geraldine Ferraro'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13689, 'record': {'Quote': 'Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder', 'Author': 'Stephenie Meyer,  Twilight'}},
    {
        'id': 13708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am shamelessly biased about the people in my life, and it makes sense to me that other people are 
the same.',
            'Author': 'Akhil Sharma'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13722,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make 
something better out of ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13729, 'record': {'Quote': 'Wear your heart on your skin in this life.', 'Author': 'Sylvia Plath'}},
    {
        'id': 13730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep 
fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive. No matter who you are or what your position is you must keep fighting for 
whatever it is you desire to achieve.',
            'Author': 'George Allen, Sr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To my young friends out there: Life can be great, but not when you can't see it. So, open your eyes 
to life: to see it in the vivid colors that God gave us as a precious gift to His children, to enjoy life to the fullest, 
and to make it count. Say yes to your life.",
            'Author': 'Nancy Reagan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13760,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have 
laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People will always have an opinion, but you have to live life the way you want to. It's very easy to 
tell others what to do, but difficult to implement it on yourself.",
            'Author': 'Preity Zinta'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13776,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.",
            'Author': 'William Goldman,  The Princess Bride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13789,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same
time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life 
is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.",
            'Author': 'Mindy Kaling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In some parts of the world, students are going to school every day. It's their normal life. But in 
other part of the world, we are starving for education... it's like a precious gift. It's like a diamond.",
            'Author': 'Malala Yousafzai'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope is a necessity for normal life and the major weapon against the suicide impulse.',
            'Author': 'Karl A. Menninger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13797,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13810,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Children should be able to live a life free from bullying and harassment and it is time that we all 
took a stand against this.',
            'Author': 'Katherine Jenkins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13821,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order 
to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy 
it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?',
            'Author': 'Mary Manin Morrissey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One of life's most painful moments comes when we must admit that we didn't do our homework, that we 
are not prepared.",
            'Author': 'Merlin Olsen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13840,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13846,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There’s no such thing as ruining your life. Life’s a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.',
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  The Undomestic Goddess'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13856,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm getting married because I'm in love with a girl and want to spend my life with her. You can't 
live your life doing what other people want you to or you'll be miserable. At some point you just have to be yourself.",
            'Author': 'Dan Marino'
        }
    },
    {'id': 13870, 'record': {'Quote': 'Each person must live their life as a model for others.', 'Author': 'Rosa Parks'}},
    {
        'id': 13887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and 
to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.',
            'Author': 'Joan of Arc'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Harry, don\'t go picking a row with Malfoy, don\'t forget, he\'s a prefect now, he could make life 
difficult for you...""Wow, I wonder what it\'d be like to have a difficult life?"said Harry sarcastically.',
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can choose either to be a victim of the world or an adventurer in search of treasure. It's all a 
question of how I view my life.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Eleven Minutes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think it's important for little girls growing up, and young women, to have one in every walk of 
life. So from that point of view, I'm proud to be a role model!",
            'Author': 'Sally Ride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13917,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part 
of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.',
            'Author': 'Anatole France'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13925,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.",
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13934,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the 
happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others...By and large, I have come to see that if we
complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Gordon B. Hinckley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the
past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.',
            'Author': 'William Wordsworth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13942,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think it's a brilliant tool to have, not only to have a sense of humor, but to be able to use humor
to help one navigate life, and I tend not to be that type of person. I wish I were.",
            'Author': 'Delroy Lindo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13944,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of 
problems, it's the ability to deal with them.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The secret of my success is that I make other people money. And, never ever, ever, ever be ashamed 
about trying to earn as much as possible for yourself, if the person you're working with is also making money. That's 
life!",
            'Author': 'Simon Cowell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is no life to be found in violence. Every act of violence brings us closer to death. Whether 
it's the mundane violence we do to our bodies by overeating toxic food or drink or the extreme violence of child abuse, 
domestic warfare, life-threatening poverty, addiction, or state terrorism.",
            'Author': 'bell hooks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13964,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of 
talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me.",
            'Author': 'Erma Bombeck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 13985,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life 
to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many 
tomorrows.',
            'Author': 'Pope Paul VI'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hope telling stories though 'Making a Difference' - as in my academic work and nonprofit work - 
will help me to live my grandmother's adage of 'Life is not about what happens to you, but about what you do with what 
happens to you.'",
            'Author': 'Chelsea Clinton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Eating is so intimate. It's very sensual. When you invite someone to sit at your table and you want 
to cook for them, you're inviting a person into your life.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14025,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.',
            'Author': 'Oliver Goldsmith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it',
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14047,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I have any worth, it is to live my life for God so as to teach these peoples; even though some of 
them still look down on me.',
            'Author': 'Saint Patrick'
        }
    },
    {'id': 14049, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.', 'Author': 'John W. Gardner'}},
    {
        'id': 14077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Caring - about people, about things, about life - is an act of maturity.',
            'Author': 'Tracy McMillan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14080,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's what literature is. It's the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, 
from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death! Listen to them!",
            'Author': 'Connie Willis,  Passage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman: 24 Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14092,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am deeply spiritual; I revel in those things that make for good - the things that we can do to shed
a little light, to help place an oft-dissonant universe back in tune with itself... Long live art, long live friendship, 
long live the joy of life!',
            'Author': 'Jessye Norman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14095,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life it is not just a series of calculations and a sum total of statistics, it's about experience, 
it's about participation, it is something more complex and more interesting than what is obvious.",
            'Author': 'Daniel Libeskind'
        }
    },
    {'id': 14121, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life sucks, and then you die...', 'Author': 'Stephenie Meyer,  Breaking Dawn'}},
    {
        'id': 14128,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people 
you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14137,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not after fame and success and fortune and power. It's mostly that I want to have a good job and 
have good friends; that's the good stuff in life.",
            'Author': 'Drew Barrymore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14141,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't kid yourself that you're going to live again after you're dead; you're not. Make the most of 
the one life you've got. Live it to the full.",
            'Author': 'Richard Dawkins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God allows us to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons that we could learn 
in no other way.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14161,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.', 'Author': 'Saul Bellow,  Herzog'}
    },
    {
        'id': 14169,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After a point of time, when you get success and fame, money and everything, the purpose of life has 
to be redefined. For me, I think that purpose is to build bridges. Artists can do that very easily, more than 
politicians.',
            'Author': 'A. R. Rahman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14173,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's one of the worst-kept secrets of family life that all parents have a preferred son or daughter, 
and the rules for acknowledging it are the same everywhere: The favored kids recognize their status and keep quiet about it
- the better to preserve the good thing they've got going and to keep their siblings off their back.",
            'Author': 'Jeffrey Kluger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of
life.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  Books and You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14203,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them... Whether you find 
satisfaction in life depends not on your tale of years, but on your will.',
            'Author': 'Michel de Montaigne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14204,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A sense of humor saves your life, and being able to make friends wherever you go.',
            'Author': "Jason O'Mara"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14221,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.',
            'Author': 'Epictetus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14222,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the 
thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.",
            'Author': 'Khalil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Certainly, anyone whom I've witnessed, who has gone through something horrible and life-changing, has
a sense of ironic humor, or an ability to look at the peculiarities of the world and find humor in it.",
            'Author': 'Christopher Heyerdahl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Graveyard Book'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the 
world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.",
            'Author': 'Candice Swanepoel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14239,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only
life, but that great consciousness of life.',
            'Author': 'Jack Kerouac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, 
wise people are diligent.',
            'Author': 'Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14247,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living. You said I killed you--haunt me then. 
The murdered do haunt their murderers. I believe--I know that ghosts have wandered the earth. Be with me always--take any 
form--drive me mad. Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! It is unutterable! I cannot live 
without my life! I cannot live without my soul!',
            'Author': 'Emily Brontë,  Wuthering Heights'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14257,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people.",
            'Author': 'Leonardo DiCaprio'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.',
            'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rain is grace; rain is the sky descending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life.',
            'Author': 'John Updike'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that words are strong, that they can overwhelm what we fear when fear seems more awful than
life is good.',
            'Author': 'Andrew Solomon,  The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone 
must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.',
            'Author': 'Voltaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14307,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think I'm too cynical for L.A. My sense of humor doesn't go down well here, which probably affects 
my love life. I need to have a laugh track following me around so people know I'm trying to be funny.",
            'Author': 'Teddy Thompson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14310,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything 
in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.",
            'Author': 'Ann Brashares,  The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you can find something you love, go for it everyday of your life, and it would be really good to 
you.',
            'Author': 'Jenifer Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14324,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have been very blessed in my life and rewarded with good friends and good health. I am grateful and
happy to be able to share this.',
            'Author': 'Eric Idle'
        }
    },
    {'id': 14343, 'record': {'Quote': 'Without football, my life is worth nothing.', 'Author': 'Cristiano Ronaldo'}},
    {
        'id': 14353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. 
Never surrender.',
            'Author': 'Tupac Shakur'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.",
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14375,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.',
            'Author': 'Jacques Yves Cousteau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14379,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.',
            'Author': 'Aristotle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14386,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In real life, love has to be possible. Even if it is not returned right away, love can only survive 
when the hope exists that you will be able to win over the person you desire.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Having a baby is one of the most wonderful things in your life, as well as the hardest thing in your 
life.',
            'Author': 'Nuno Bettencourt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even 
if you can't get together with that person.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  1Q84'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as
that soul was whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living 
intellect that bred them.',
            'Author': 'John Milton,  Areopagitica'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14412,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather,
loved in spite of ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14435,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. 
They came through you but not from you and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.",
            'Author': 'Khalil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14440,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If there's a thing I've learned in my life it's to not be afraid of the responsibility that comes 
with caring for other people. What we do for love: those things endure. Even if the people you do them for don't",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14447,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many 
friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be 
unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.',
            'Author': 'Simone de Beauvoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14451,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that 
distinguish one man from another.",
            'Author': 'Ernest Hemingway'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14470,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, 
even if you spent all your time thinking about them',
            'Author': 'Mark Haddon,  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14473,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.',
            'Author': 'Ruth Reichl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14477,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which
is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner 
voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly 
want to become. Everything else is secondary.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14479,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.',
            'Author': "Rainer Maria Rilke,  Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14486,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and
learning.',
            'Author': 'Jane Harrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's so much to appreciate about my life every single day, and I make a big point of taking time 
to smell the roses and noticing how lucky I am. I never want to take that for granted.",
            'Author': 'Josie Maran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14511,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship 
to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that
in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Aniston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14518,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted; some should 
only be sipped, but with others, drink the whole bottle.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Brida'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is built on the deepest themes of human meaning: good and evil, beauty and ugliness, life and 
death, love and hate. No other story has incarnated those themes more than the story of Jesus.',
            'Author': 'John Ortberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14545,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.",
            'Author': 'Audrey Hepburn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust.',
            'Author': 'Alan Rickman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The new midlife is where you realize that even your failures make you more beautiful and are turned 
spiritually into success if you became a better person because of them. You became a more humble person. You became a more 
merciful and compassionate person.',
            'Author': 'Marianne Williamson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14569,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want morning and noon and nightfall with you. I want your tears, your smiles, your kisses...the 
smell of your hair, the taste of your skin, the touch of your breath on my face. I want to see you in the final hour of my 
life...to lie in your arms as I take my last breath.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Again the Magic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14574,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will 
re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and 
performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.",
            'Author': 'Antony Gormley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14584,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result 
in his personal vision of the world.',
            'Author': 'Edward Hopper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That what I need to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire 
myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The 
promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that.",
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Mockingjay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14606,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My view of life is colored by humor and looking at the best in any situation.',
            'Author': 'Michael J. Fox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14617,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is 
compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness — and call it love — true love.",
            'Author': 'Robert Fulghum,  True Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14633,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.",
            'Author': 'Abraham Lincoln'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get 
sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to 
perfect.',
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Venus in Arms'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14683,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.',
            'Author': 'Sholom Aleichem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14701,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am fated to journey hand in hand with my strange heroes and to survey the surging immensity of 
life, to survey it through the laughter that all can see and through the tears unseen and unknown by anyone.',
            'Author': 'Nikolai Gogol'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.',
            'Author': 'Soren Kierkegaard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I personally have dealt with any adversity in my life with humor. That's why I told America to 'Read 
my hips!' on 'Dancing With the Stars' or was happy to play along with Jason Alexander and Jerry Seinfeld in the great 
restaurant scene on 'Seinfeld.'",
            'Author': 'Marlee Matlin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So many people enter and leave your life! Hundreds of thousands of people! You have to keep the door 
open so they can come in! But it also means you have to let them go!',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Safran Foer,  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14722,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'to live in this worldyou must be ableto do three thingsto love what is mortal;to hold itagainst your 
bones knowingyour own life depends on it;and, when the time comes to let it go,to let it go',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.",
            'Author': 'Mae West'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Snape's patronus was a doe,' said Harry, 'the same as my mother's because he loved her for nearly all
of his life, from when they were children.",
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word 
from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14744,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is 
guaranteed.",
            'Author': 'Eminem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Art imitates life and, sometimes, life imitates art. It's a weird combination of elements.",
            'Author': 'Bruce Willis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way
of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's 
realities.",
            'Author': 'Dr. Seuss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is worth living as long as there's a laugh in it.",
            'Author': 'L.M. Montgomery,  Anne of Green Gables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'",
            'Author': 'Martin Luther King, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.",
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw,  Man and Superman'
        }
    },
    {'id': 14841, 'record': {'Quote': 'The best things in life make you sweaty.', 'Author': 'Edgar Allan Poe'}},
    {
        'id': 14854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I consider life, it is all a cheat. Yet fooled with hope, people favor this deceit.',
            'Author': 'John Dryden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14855,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the 
things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.',
            'Author': 'Will Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14858,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life itself is offensive and certainly does not apologize - in fact, it hurts considerably and, as we
all know, is often very rude and troublesome, just as nature or art can be.',
            'Author': 'Michael Leunig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14866,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People, I thought, wanted security. They couldn't bear the idea of death being a big black nothing, 
couldn't bear the thought of their loved ones not existing, and couldn't even imagine themselves not existing. I finally 
decided that people believed in an afterlife because they couldn't bear not to.",
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.',
            'Author': 'William Steig,  Dominic'
        }
    },
    {'id': 14907, 'record': {'Quote': 'My life is my message.', 'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'}},
    {
        'id': 14928,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so 
rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.',
            'Author': 'Henry Miller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t live in either my past or my future. I’m interested only in the present. If you can 
concentrate always on the present, you’ll be a happy man. Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is 
the moment we’re living now.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14950,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as 
life lasts. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature -- the assurance that dawn comes after
night, and spring after winter.',
            'Author': 'Rachel Carson,  Silent Spring'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14951,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, 
that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, 
and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather.',
            'Author': 'Bill Hicks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14963,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.',
            'Author': 'William Morris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14966,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With him, life was routine; without him, life was unbearable.',
            'Author': 'Harper Lee,  To Kill a Mockingbird'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14970,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What we wait around a lifetime for with one person, we can find in a moment with someone else.',
            'Author': 'Stephanie Klein,  Straight Up and Dirty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14974,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14975,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who 
interests his heart in everything.',
            'Author': 'Laurence Sterne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 14999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely 
aware.',
            'Author': 'Henry Miller'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15015, 'record': {'Quote': "Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.", 'Author': 'Rose Kennedy'}},
    {
        'id': 15021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.',
            'Author': 'L.M. Montgomery,  Anne of Green Gables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15025,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who says life is fair, where is that written?',
            'Author': 'William Goldman,  The Princess Bride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life',
            'Author': 'Henrik Ibsen,  Ghosts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is not a goodbye, my darling, this is a thank you. Thank you for coming into my life and giving 
me joy, thank you for loving me and receiving my love in return. Thank you for the memories I will cherish forever. But 
most of all, thank you for showing me that there will come a time when I can eventually let you go.I love you, T.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Message in a Bottle'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15043, 'record': {'Quote': 'The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.', 'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'}},
    {
        'id': 15052,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at 
what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the 
passing shadow of a cloud...',
            'Author': 'Yann Martel,  Life of Pi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15068,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he 
does. It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.',
            'Author': 'Jean-Paul Sartre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.',
            'Author': 'William Feather'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15094, 'record': {'Quote': 'You are my life now.', 'Author': 'Stephenie Meyer,  Twilight'}},
    {
        'id': 15119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everyone is flailing through this life without an owner's manual, with whatever modicum of grace and 
good humor we can manage.",
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15121,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. 
You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest
values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  Atlas Shrugged'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This life, which had been the tomb of his virtue and of his honour, is but a walking shadow; a poor 
player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more: it is a tale told by an idiot, full of 
sound and fury, signifying nothing.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape one day, and how 
awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the 
present.",
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is 
easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then 
rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.",
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  Family Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15160,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life's as kind as you let it be.", 'Author': 'Charles Bukowski,  Hot Water Music'}
    },
    {
        'id': 15165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Writing isn't about making money, getting famous, getting dates, getting laid, or making friends. In 
the end, it's about enriching the lives of those who will read your work, and enriching your own life, as well. It's about 
getting up, getting well, and getting over. Getting happy, okay? Getting happy.",
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15175,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. 
Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.",
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15206,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as
physical.',
            'Author': 'Julius Erving'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15211,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish, and 
insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major 
building block in the person we are today.',
            'Author': 'Pope Paul VI'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15226,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Paradoxically though it may seem, it is none the less true that life imitates art far more than art 
imitates life.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15235,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let there be freedom for the Indians, wherever they may be in the American Continent or elsewhere in 
the world, because while they are alive, a glow of hope will be alive as well as a true concept of life.',
            'Author': 'Rigoberta Menchu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever 
for the force and beauty of its process.',
            'Author': 'Henry James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15249,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go
forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Kafka on the Shore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15250,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.',
            'Author': 'Diane Von Furstenberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever 
gods may be That no life lives for ever; That dead men rise up never; That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to 
sea.',
            'Author': 'Algernon Charles Swinburne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15265,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This life is like a swimming pool. You dive into the water, but you can't see how deep it is.",
            'Author': 'Dennis Rodman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15269,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How can I be reasonable? To me our love was everything and you were my whole life. It is not very 
pleasant to realize that to you it was only an episode.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  The Painted Veil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'His heart danced upon her movements like a cork upon a tide. He heard what her eyes said to him from 
beneath their cowl and knew that in some dim past, whether in life or revery, he had heard their tale before.',
            'Author': 'James Joyce,  A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I'm making space for the unknown future to fill 
up my life with yet-to-come surprises.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15294,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I try to give people hope. Even though life is bleak, there's hope out there.",
            'Author': 'Danielle Steel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.',
            'Author': 'Henry Rollins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15301,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive 
love.',
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15307, 'record': {'Quote': 'My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.', 'Author': 'Woody Allen'}},
    {
        'id': 15309,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, 
would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than 
anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  The Truth About Forever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15315,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision 
to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the 
opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.",
            'Author': 'Martin Lawrence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15340,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new
life and animation to the object it supports.',
            'Author': 'Richard Burton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To
feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to 
deny my humanity but embrace it.',
            'Author': 'Kevyn Aucoin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15356,
        'record': {'Quote': "There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.", 'Author': 'Taylor Swift'}
    },
    {
        'id': 15370,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning 
how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you 
are going to be a champion someday.',
            'Author': 'Wilma Rudolph'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15380,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - 
the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.',
            'Author': "J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15390,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined.",
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15414,
        'record': {'Quote': 'In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.', 'Author': 'Fran Lebowitz'}
    },
    {
        'id': 15418,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage.
But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other',
            'Author': 'Veronica Roth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each 
separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing 
itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars.',
            'Author': 'Jack London,  The Call of the Wild'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15437,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the 
journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It 
makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.",
            'Author': 'Earl Nightingale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15464,
        'record': {'Quote': "Always keep your smile. That's how I explain my long life.", 'Author': 'Jeanne Calment'}
    },
    {
        'id': 15471,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is an occupational hazard that anyone who has spent her life learning how to lie eventually 
becomes bad at telling the truth.',
            'Author': 'Ally Carter,  Heist Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Then, one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid 
life...you give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you or smile at you, 
and then your life isn't your own anymore.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 9: The Kindly Ones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes 
after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the 
clues.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Moving Pictures'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15516,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to
think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets 
the rules but you. You can design your own life.",
            'Author': 'Carrie-Anne Moss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15521,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we
all have is time.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15525,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to 
buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera. It's terrible.",
            'Author': 'J.D. Salinger,  The Catcher in the Rye'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15557,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A painter's tastes must grow out of what so obsesses him in life that he never has to ask himself 
what it is suitable for him to do in art.",
            'Author': 'Lucian Freud'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15582,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no pretending",Jace said with absolute clarity."I love you,and I will love you until I 
die,and if there\'s a life after that,I\'ll love you then."She caught her breath.He had said it-the words there was no 
going back from.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15588,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your 
choice whether you let it affect you or not.",
            'Author': 'Valerie Bertinelli'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15599, 'record': {'Quote': 'The meaning of life is that it stops.', 'Author': 'Franz Kafka'}},
    {
        'id': 15604,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Romance novels are birthday cake and life is often peanut butter and jelly. I think everyone should 
have lots of delicious romance novels lying around for those times when the peanut butter of life gets stuck to the roof of
your mouth.',
            'Author': 'Janet Evanovich'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15625,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in 
this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found,
to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is never all one thing. It bounces around. Certainly, my own life has. Look at Woody Allen's 
funny movies - all the humor comes out of sad stuff. Sometimes you have to laugh, no matter what life deals you.",
            'Author': "Tim O'Brien"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15645,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.',
            'Author': "Suzanne Weyn,  Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15659,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We need to move into a culture of peace. What I hope to promote is the idea that we all need each 
other and that the greatest happiness in life is not how much we have but how much we give. That's a wealth that's 
priceless. You can't buy compassion.",
            'Author': 'Herbie Hancock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always 
there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an 
absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.",
            'Author': 'Charles Stanley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15665,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Society is like a large piece of frozen water; and skating well is the great art of social life.',
            'Author': 'Letitia Elizabeth Landon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15683,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...It's about learning to dance in the rain.",
            'Author': 'Vivian Greene'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15689,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a 
single thing I wanted to do.",
            'Author': "Georgia O'Keeffe"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15693,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Too often in life, something happens and we blame other people for us not being happy or satisfied or
fulfilled. So the point is, we all have choices, and we make the choice to accept people or situations or to not accept 
situations.',
            'Author': 'Tom Brady'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15697,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, 
turn his back on life.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15703,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something 
beautiful within life, no matter how slight.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15706,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sleep my little baby-ohSleep until you wakenWhen you wake you'll see the worldIf I'm not 
mistaken...Kiss a loverDance a measure,Find your nameAnd buried treasure...Face your lifeIts pain, Its pleasure,Leave no 
path untaken.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Graveyard Book'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The greatest thing about where my life is right now is it's very relaxed and chill. I'm just hanging 
out, being myself and doing my work.",
            'Author': 'Lucas Grabeel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard 
to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we 
endure help us in our marching onward.',
            'Author': 'Henry Ford'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are my heart, my life, my entire existence."-Ash',
            'Author': 'Julie Kagawa,  The Iron Queen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15773,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of 
life and death to you.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may
not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.",
            'Author': 'Walt Disney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments 
you make the better.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson,  Journals of Ralph Waldo Emerson, with Annotations - 1841-1844'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15807,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm quite detached from failure and success. Once a shooting is done, I kind of close that chapter in
my life.",
            'Author': 'Ranbir Kapoor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, 
excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt,  The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {'id': 15827, 'record': {'Quote': "My life didn't please me, so I created my life.", 'Author': 'Coco Chanel'}},
    {
        'id': 15830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. 
But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always 
critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15841,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until 
they become habits.',
            'Author': 'Charles J. Givens'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15844,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the 
one ends, and where the other begins?',
            'Author': 'Edgar Allan Poe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, 
waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid,
and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15860,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15862,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to 
aspire to.",
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for 
their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You 
can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.",
            'Author': 'Joss Whedon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15869,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Macro-trading requires a high degree of skill, focus and repetition. Life events, such as birth, 
divorce, death of a loved one and other emotional highs and lows are obstacles to success in this specific field of 
finance.',
            'Author': 'Paul Tudor Jones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15888,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a series of pulls back and forth... A tension of opposites, like a pull on a rubber band. 
Most of us live somewhere in the middle. A wrestling match...Which side win? Love wins. Love always wins',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Success is not how many zeroes your bank account has. It's about making the most of the life you 
have.",
            'Author': 'Suze Orman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15905,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15913,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  The Letters of Charlotte Brontë'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.',
            'Author': 'Jane Austen,  Mansfield Park'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being 
in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but 
for the development of his self.",
            'Author': 'B. R. Ambedkar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15949,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece',
            'Author': 'Vladimir Nabokov,  Lolita'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived.",
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15992,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than 
love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can 
be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned. 
Adult. You have become adult.',
            'Author': 'Harlan Ellison,  Paingod and Other Delusions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 15998,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.',
            'Author': 'Jesus Christ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only 
temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.',
            'Author': 'Roger Staubach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16024,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't have to have anything in common with people you've known since you were five. With old 
friends, you've got your whole life in common.",
            'Author': 'Lyle Lovett'
        }
    },
    {'id': 16052, 'record': {'Quote': "Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.", 'Author': 'Henry Rollins'}},
    {'id': 16057, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.', 'Author': 'Ronald Reagan'}},
    {
        'id': 16072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel that life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. That's the two categories. The 
horrible are like, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through 
life. It's amazing to me. And the miserable is everyone else. So you should be thankful that you're miserable, because 
that's very lucky, to be miserable.",
            'Author': 'Woody Allen,  Annie Hall: Screenplay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16079,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.",
            'Author': 'Malcolm X'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't 
move, with no hope of rescue. Consider how lucky you are that life has been good to you so far. Alternatively, if life 
hasn't been good to you so far, which given your current circumstances seems more likely, consider how lucky you are that 
it won't be troubling you much longer.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Adams,  The Original Hitchhiker Radio Scripts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be 
the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16126,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want 
to.",
            'Author': 'Jimi Hendrix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be creative means to be in love with life. You can be creative only if you love life enough that 
you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more 
dance to it.',
            'Author': 'Osho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.",
            'Author': 'Joss Whedon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She is free in her wildness, she is a wanderess, a drop of free water. She knows nothing of borders 
and cares nothing for rules or customs. 'Time' for her isn’t something to fight against. Her life flows clean, with 
passion, like fresh water.",
            'Author': 'Roman Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on 
making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16160,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You never knew the last time you were seeing someone. You didn't know when the last argument 
happened, or the last time you had sex, or the last time you looked into their eyes and thanked God they were in your 
life.After they were gone?That was all you thought about.Day and night.",
            'Author': 'J.R. Ward,  Lover Mine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16171,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A 'naughty pickle' is how I'd best describe myself. I think fun and laughter is the whole point of 
life.",
            'Author': 'Celia Imrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16177,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ye are Blood of my Blood, and Bone of my Bone,I give ye my Body, that we Two might be One.I give ye 
my Spirit, 'til our Life shall be Done.",
            'Author': 'Diana Gabaldon,  Outlander'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Perhaps naively I thought people understand what humor was, that it was invented by the human race to
cope with the dark areas of life, problems and terrors.',
            'Author': 'Bill Forsyth'
        }
    },
    {'id': 16203, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.', 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}},
    {
        'id': 16210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her
and leave her for the flies.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury,  Fahrenheit 451'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16215,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never rearrange your life in order to meet Mr. Darcy half way. If he couldn’t see your worth at the 
moment you met then he won’t two years later. May the halls of Pemberly be filled with his regrets and your life filled 
with thankfulness because of this revelation.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, 
is a secret which but few discover.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Addison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16236,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.',
            'Author': 'Gordon B. Hinckley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16260,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.',
            'Author': 'Theodore Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16287,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can't do anything by 
yourself. And your best teams are your friends and your siblings.",
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16294,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.',
            'Author': 'Louisa May Alcott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16336,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from
clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.',
            'Author': 'Joan Lunden'
        }
    },
    {'id': 16343, 'record': {'Quote': 'My Life is My Message', 'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'}},
    {
        'id': 16345,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You don’t believe things because they make your life better, you believe them because they’re true.',
            'Author': 'Veronica Roth,  Allegiant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are 
like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about 
them.',
            'Author': 'Mark Haddon,  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16350,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are no random acts...We are all connected...You can no more separate one life from another than
you can separate a breeze from the wind...',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16358,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The essential lesson I've learned in life is to just be yourself. Treasure the magnificent being that
you are and recognize first and foremost you're not here as a human being only. You're a spiritual being having a human 
experience.",
            'Author': 'Wayne Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16362,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is nothing but the expression of our dream; the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the 
inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.',
            'Author': 'Franz Marc'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until 
we meet again',
            'Author': 'Jimi Hendrix'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't 
say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.",
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoyevsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People come together with their families to celebrate Easter. What better way to celebrate than to 
spend a few hours going on the journey of Christ's life.",
            'Author': 'Roma Downey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nobody owns life, but anyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death.',
            'Author': 'William S. Burroughs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16398,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and
never sacrifice who you are for anyone.',
            'Author': 'Zayn Malik'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.",
            'Author': 'Jonathan Safran Foer,  Everything Is Illuminated'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16410,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I went away in my head, into a book. That was where I went whenever real life was too hard or too 
inflexible.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Ocean at the End of the Lane'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The whole notion of pain, and how every individual experiences pain, is up for debate. We don't know 
how another person experiences pain - physical pain or psychic pain. Some of these clinics where assisted suicide or 
euthanasia is practiced, they call it 'weariness of life.'",
            'Author': 'Miriam Toews'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.',
            'Author': 'Yann Martel,  Life of Pi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16458,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you only had 48 hours left to live, would you spend it like you normally spend your weekends? If 
not, why spend 2/7th of your life wasting your free time? After all, free time isn’t free. Free time is the most expensive 
time you have, because nobody pays for it but you. But that also makes it the most valuable time you have, as you alone 
stand to reap the profits from spending it wisely.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  I Should Have Renamed This'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16470,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The primary source of the appeal of Christianity was Jesus - His incarnation, His life, His 
crucifixion, and His resurrection.',
            'Author': 'Kenneth Scott Latourette'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16476,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No life is a waste,"the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we\'re 
alone.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16494,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. My mother is the bones of my spine, 
keeping me straight and true. She is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. She is the beating of my heart. I 
cannot now imagine a life without her.',
            'Author': 'Kristin Hannah,  Summer Island'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You buy furniture. You tell yourself, this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life. Buy the 
sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled.
Then the right set of dishes. Then the perfect bed. The drapes. The rug. Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the 
things you used to own, now they own you.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Let me encourage you to get up every day and focus on what you do have in life. Be thankful for the 
blessings of the little things, even when you don't get what you expect.",
            'Author': 'Victoria Osteen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16519,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is like a novel. It's filled with suspense. You have no idea what is going to happen until you 
turn the page.",
            'Author': 'Sidney Sheldon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want my kids to have the things in life that I never had when I was growing up. Things like beards 
and chest hair.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  I Want'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility 
for your life.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  Wild Geese'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16538,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar', 'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  Dead Beat'}
    },
    {
        'id': 16574,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been 
looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now...Come further up, come further in!',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis,  The Last Battle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16603,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When it's over, I want to say: all my lifeI was a bride married to amazement.I was the bridegroom, 
taking the world into my arms. When it is over, I don't want to wonderif I have made of my life something particular, and 
real.I don't want to find myself sighing and frightened,or full of argument. I don't want to end up simply having visited 
this world.",
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're gorgeous, you old hag, and if I could give you just one gift ever for the rest of your life it
would be this. Confidence. It would be the gift of confidence. Either that or a scented candle",
            'Author': 'David Nicholls,  One Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself 
that has the most power!",
            'Author': 'Robert T. Kiyosaki'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are ships sailing to many ports, but not a single one goes where life is not painful.',
            'Author': 'Fernando Pessoa,  The Book of Disquiet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16641,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how 
would you be able to feel the good ones?",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Scott,  Perfect You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16642,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it',
            'Author': 'Gautama Buddha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16651,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, 
allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be 
better people, let them believe more in themselves.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16655,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He attacked everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence, and it was 
often difficult to tell which was which.',
            'Author': 'Douglas Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16669,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If history remembers me at all, in any way, I hope it will be as a man who loved the Land of Israel 
and watched over it in every way he could, all his life.',
            'Author': 'Yitzhak Shamir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Haters never win. I just think that's true about life, because negative energy always costs in the 
end.",
            'Author': 'Tom Hiddleston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16679,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do you want to know why men name their penis? So the most important decisions in their life aren't 
made by a stranger.",
            'Author': 'Linda Howard,  After the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of 
resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity... you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of
others',
            'Author': 'Robert Greene,  The 48 Laws of Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When writing a novel, that's pretty much entirely what life turns into: 'House burned down. Car 
stolen. Cat exploded. Did 1500 easy words, so all in all it was a pretty good day.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16695,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.',
            'Author': 'Alan Moore,  V for Vendetta'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16703,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've learned in my life that it's important to be able to step outside your comfort zone and be 
challenged with something you're not familiar or accustomed to. That challenge will allow you to see what you can do.",
            'Author': 'J. R. Martinez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like.",
            'Author': 'Johann Wolfgang von Goethe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16734,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's true, I am afraid of dying. I am afraid of the world moving forward without me, of my absence 
going unnoticed, or worse, being some natural force propelling life on. Is it selfish? Am I such a bad person for dreaming 
of a world that ends when I do? I don't mean the world ending with respect to me, but every set of eyes closing with 
mine.",
            'Author': 'Jonathan Safran Foer,  Everything Is Illuminated'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are no coincidences in life. What person that wandered in and out of your life was there for 
some purpose, even if they caused you harm. Sometimes, it doesn’t make sense the short periods of time we get with people, 
or the outcomes from their choices. However, if you turn it over to God he promises that you will see the big picture in 
the hereafter. Nothing is too small to be a mistake.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Meditation is to dive all the way within, beyond thought, to the source of thought and pure 
consciousness. It enlarges the container, every time you transcend. When you come out, you come out refreshed, filled with 
energy and enthusiasm for life.',
            'Author': 'David Lynch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16749,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into 
separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.',
            'Author': 'Alvar Aalto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16772,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life.',
            'Author': 'Markus Zusak,  The Book Thief'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to 
enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.",
            'Author': 'Ricky Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be
too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.',
            'Author': 'J. R. R. Tolkien'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16814,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe mistakes are what make our fate... without them what would shape our lives? Maybe if we had 
never veered off course we wouldn't fall in love, have babies, or be who we are. After all, things change, so do cities, 
people come into your life and they go. But it's comforting to know that the ones you love are always in your heart... and 
if you're very lucky, a plane ride away",
            'Author': 'Candace Bushnell,  Sex and the City'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16821,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For I have known them all already, known them all—Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons,I 
have measured out my life with coffee spoons.',
            'Author': 'T.S. Eliot,  The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock and Others'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16836,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I noticed that no matter where I went in the country, there was this group of questions that got 
asked. I would track them and keep them in categories. Like body image, school, family, friendship, you name it, the 
emotional life of a teenage girl.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Berkley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16837,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The crest and crowning of all good, Life's final star, is brotherhood.",
            'Author': 'Edwin Markham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... 
to measure yourself at least once.',
            'Author': 'Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car 
accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself 
believe it will happen to you.",
            'Author': 'Muhammad Ali'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16880,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Carpe Scrotum. Seize life by the testicles', 'Author': "Rowena Cherry,  Knight's Fork"}
    },
    {
        'id': 16890,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't cry, I'm sorry to have deceived you so much, but that's how life is.",
            'Author': 'Vladimir Nabokov,  Lolita'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16892,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'HUMAN BEINGS MAKE LIFE SO INTERESTING. DO YOU KNOW, THAT IN A UNIVERSE SO FULL OF WONDERS, THEY HAVE 
MANAGED TO INVENT BOREDOM. (Death)',
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Hogfather'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute 
for life.',
            'Author': 'Andrew Brown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Bitch (noun): A woman who won't bang her head against the wall obsessing over someone else's opinion 
- be it a man or anyone else in her life. She understands that if someone does not approve of her, it's just one person's 
opinion; therefore, it's of no real importance. She doesn't try to live up to anyone else's standards - only her own. 
Because of this, she relates to a man very differently.",
            'Author': "Sherry Argov,  Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl - A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own 
in a Relationship"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16917,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.', 'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre'}
    },
    {
        'id': 16918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You picked a lemon, throw it away lemonade is overrated. Freaks should remain at the circus, not in 
your apartment. You already have one asshole. You don’t need another. Make a space in your life for the glorious things you
deserve. Have faith.',
            'Author': "Greg Behrendt,  He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16939,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {'id': 16952, 'record': {'Quote': 'Art is the proper task of life.', 'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'}},
    {
        'id': 16955,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16972,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but ... life 
obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.',
            'Author': 'Gabriel Garcí\xada Márquez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16974,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's probably a bad indicator of your lifestyle when you miss your ex-boyfriend because he's 
absolutely lethal.",
            'Author': 'Charlaine Harris,  Dead to the World'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really 
matter.",
            'Author': 'Francis Chan,  Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life ... is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Macbeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life 
without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a 
blessing.',
            'Author': 'Baltasar Gracian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 16995,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Surrealism: An archaic term. Formerly an art movement. No longer distinguishable from everyday 
life.',
            'Author': 'Brad Holland'
        }
    },
    {'id': 16998, 'record': {'Quote': 'When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.', 'Author': 'Bill Watterson'}},
    {
        'id': 17003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't get it,' Caroline said, bemused. 'She's the only one with wings. Why is that?'There were so 
many questions in life. You couldn't ever have all the answers. But I knew this one.It's so she can fly,' I said. Then I 
started to run.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  The Truth About Forever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17004,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is 
that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.',
            'Author': 'Anaïs Nin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It does good to no woman to be flattered [by a man] who does not intend to marry her; and it is 
madness in all women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that 
feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead, ignis-fatuus-like, into miry wilds whence there is no 
extrication.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17041,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.',
            'Author': 'George Herbert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The things that drive me are poverty, and pain, and knowing that I don't want to end up being alone 
and I want to do something with my life and I want the name Dobson to remain in everyone's heads. Basically, just to rock 
and be the best performer I can be, and be true, and be real, and give people the real Fefe, nothing fake, all real.",
            'Author': 'Fefe Dobson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, 
whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a 
solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  What Happened to Goodbye'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17076,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everyone is handed adversity in life. No one's journey is easy. It's how they handle it that makes 
people unique.",
            'Author': 'Kevin Conroy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17080,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this 
reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.',
            'Author': 'Matthew Quick,  The Silver Linings Playbook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It scares me how hard it is to remember life before you. I can't even make the comparisons anymore, 
because my memories of that time have all the depth of a photograph. It seems foolish to play games of better and worse. 
It's simply a matter of is and is no longer.",
            'Author': "David Levithan,  The Lover's Dictionary"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.I wish you all very
good lives.',
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17115,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It wasn’t my day. My week. My month. My year. My life. God damn it.',
            'Author': 'Charles Bukowski,  Pulp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17130,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I had in mind a message, although I hope it doesn't intrude too badly, persuading Americans, and 
especially Southerners, of the critical importance of land and our vanishing natural environment and wildlife.",
            'Author': 'E. O. Wilson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other 
material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.",
            'Author': 'Billy Graham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have a very silly sense of humor. I've never laughed harder in my entire life than seeing someone 
with toilet paper stuck on the bottom of their shoe.",
            'Author': 'Paula Poundstone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17137,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who are you?Are you in touch with all of your darkest fantasies?Have you created a life for yourself 
where you can experience them?I have. I am fucking crazy.But I am free.',
            'Author': 'Lana Del Rey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17177,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to 
me, beauty lies in simplicity.",
            'Author': 'Mark Hyman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17179,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to have fun. Life ain't no dress rehearsal. I want to have fun. I'm a comedian; I ain't no 
politician. So everything I do is with humor, with love.",
            'Author': 'Bernie Mac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17190,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life before Death.Strength before Weakness.Journey before Destination.',
            'Author': 'Brandon Sanderson,  The Way of Kings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17201,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day 
with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your 
day without attachment to the validation of others',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17209,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction 
involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Adams,  Life, the Universe and Everything'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17221,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ah, Hope! what would life be, stripped of thy encouraging smiles, that teach us to look behind the 
dark clouds of today, for the golden beams that are to gild the morrow.',
            'Author': 'Susanna Moodie'
        }
    },
    {'id': 17223, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is either a great adventure or nothing.', 'Author': 'Helen Keller'}},
    {
        'id': 17231,
        'record': {'Quote': "life's not a paragraphAnd death i think is no parenthesis", 'Author': 'E.E. Cummings'}
    },
    {
        'id': 17233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your 
heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy',
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17244,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Yeah, sometimes life really sucks,"she says. "But you know what I\'m holding on for?"I raise my 
eyebrows.She raises hers, too, mimicking me."The moments that don\'t suck,"she says. "The trick is to notice them when they
come around.',
            'Author': 'Veronica Roth,  Allegiant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17267,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is
always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Jefferson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17272,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!',
            'Author': "Mark A. Cooper,  Edelweiss Pirates ‘Operation Einstein'"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17281,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The strength of a woman is not measured by the impact that all her hardships in life have had on her;
but the strength of a woman is measured by the extent of her refusal to allow those hardships to dictate her and who she 
becomes.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to 
love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the 
power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.',
            'Author': 'Susan Polis Schutz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you.",
            'Author': 'David Nicholls,  One Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17315,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to 
life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.',
            'Author': 'Khalil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark. If we truly knew all the answers in advance
as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and 
it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be... a prudent insurance policy.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17369,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be.", 'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'}
    },
    {
        'id': 17381,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17388,
        'record': {'Quote': 'There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.', 'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'}
    },
    {
        'id': 17392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and 
now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.',
            'Author': 'Alan W. Watts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I 
don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the 
human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.",
            'Author': 'Kevin Bacon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17422,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still
wasn't as cynical as real life.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Guards! Guards!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your 
life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.",
            'Author': 'Randy Pausch,  The Last Lecture'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17435,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I never made a mistake in my life; at least, never one that I couldn't explain away afterwards.",
            'Author': 'Rudyard Kipling,  Under The Deodars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That was the funniest thing I'd heard in days.You're kidding, right? PLEASE tell me you have a 
stronger motive for me than 'fair is fair.' Life isn't FAIR, Dean....Nothing is fair, EVER. That's the stupidest thing I've
ever heard. I need to help you because FAIR IS FAIR? Try, 'I need you to help me so I won't rip out your spine and beat you
with it.' I MIGHT respond to that. MAYBE.",
            'Author': "James Patterson,  School's Out—Forever"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17446,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go 
and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is 
not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting.",
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It wasn't until I started reading and found books they wouldn't let us read in school that I 
discovered you could be insane and happy and have a good life without being like everybody else.",
            'Author': 'John Waters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17483,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the 
sidelines.',
            'Author': 'Christine Feehan,  Night Game'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw 
shit, he\'s up!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17491,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of 
success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17494,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I like to be lazy. I do like to be busy and really active, but when that's done, you can be sure I 
will be a lazy boy. I like to take time and relax and enjoy life.",
            'Author': 'Olivier Theyskens'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Even though you can't expect to defeat the absurdity of the world, you must make the attempt. That's 
morality, that's religion, that's art, that's life.",
            'Author': 'Phil Ochs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I try to make my life about service, and hope that one day we can all 'see' a little better because 
God is with everyone and everywhere.",
            'Author': 'Russell Simmons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17537,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I feel I am lucky. I am grateful for this life that God has given me. I am happy, as I am getting to 
do work that I want to do and enjoy doing it.',
            'Author': 'Sonam Kapoor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I like the scientific spirit—the holding off, the being sure but not too sure, the willingness to 
surrender ideas when the evidence is against them: this is ultimately fine—it always keeps the way beyond open—always gives
life, thought, affection, the whole man, a chance to try over again after a mistake—after a wrong guess.',
            'Author': "Walt Whitman,  Walt Whitman's Camden Conversations"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to 
define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.',
            'Author': 'Sabaa Tahir,  An Ember in the Ashes'
        }
    },
    {'id': 17567, 'record': {'Quote': "It's time to start living the life you've imagined.", 'Author': 'Henry James'}},
    {
        'id': 17570,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.', 'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'}
    },
    {
        'id': 17585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think people should have fun. And don't get so down on yourself. Enjoy life and be the best person 
you can be.",
            'Author': 'Keke Palmer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17600,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.',
            'Author': 'Marc Riboud'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17609,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a 
little cocktail...',
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. 
Be very suspicious.',
            'Author': 'Scott Dikkers,  You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17637,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have lived pain, and my life can tell: I only deepen the wound of the world when I neglect to give 
thanks the heavy perfume of wild roses in early July and the song of crickets on summer humid nights and the rivers that 
run and the stars that rise and the rain that falls and all the good things that a good God gives.',
            'Author': 'Ann Voskamp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Going by my past journey, I am not certain where life will take me, what turns and twists will 
happen; nobody knows where they will end up. As life changes direction, I'll flow with it.",
            'Author': 'Katrina Kaif'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17681,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Colpo di fulmine. The thunderbolt, as Italians call it. When love strikes someone like lightning, so 
powerful and intense it can’t be denied. It’s beautiful and messy,cracking a chest open and spilling their soul out for the
world to see. It turns a person inside out, and there’s no going back from it. Once the thunderbolt hits, your life 
isirrevocably changed.',
            'Author': 'J.M. Darhower,  Sempre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.",
            'Author': 'June Ahern'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17734,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of 
slavery.',
            'Author': 'Wayne Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17761,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is nothing on earth more beautiful to me than your smile...no sound sweeter than your 
laughter...no pleasure greater than holding you in my arms. I realized today that I could never live without you, stubborn 
little hellion that you are. In this life and the next, you’re my only hope of happiness. Tell me, Lillian, dearest 
love...how can you have reached so far inside my heart?',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  It Happened One Autumn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17787,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Knowing can be a curse on a person's life. I'd traded in a pack of lies for a pack of truth, and I 
didn't know which one was heavier. Which one took the most strength to carry around? It was a ridiculous question, though, 
because once you know the truth, you can't ever go back and pick up your suitcase of lies. Heavier or not, the truth is 
yours now.",
            'Author': 'Sue Monk Kidd,  The Secret Life of Bees:'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17800,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.',
            'Author': 'George Gordon Byron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want everything with you, America. I want the holidays and the birthdays, the busy season and lazy 
weekends. I want peanut butter fingertips on my desk. I want inside jokes and fights and everything. I want a life with 
you.',
            'Author': 'Kiera Cass,  The One'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in 
bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing 
else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.',
            'Author': 'Fulton J. Sheen,  Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.",
            'Author': 'Jeffrey Eugenides,  The Virgin Suicides'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Occupy Wall Street is meant more as a way of life that spreads through contagion, creates as many 
questions as it answers, aims to force a reconsideration of the way the nation does business and offers hope to those of us
who previously felt alone in our belief that the current economic system is broken.',
            'Author': 'Douglas Rushkoff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge 
I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.',
            'Author': 'Bede Griffiths'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17840,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The 
consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17851,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really 
seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely 
physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being
alive.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell,  The Power of Myth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17855,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A man who wants to die feels angry and full of life and desperate and bored and exhausted, all at the
same time; he wants to fight everyone, and he wants to curl up in a ball and hide in a cupboard somewhere. He wants to say 
sorry to everyone, and he wants everyone to know just how badly they've all let him down.",
            'Author': 'Nick Hornby,  A Long Way Down'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17856,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.",
            'Author': 'Richelle Mead,  Last Sacrifice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17860,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.",
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get 
it.",
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham'
        }
    },
    {'id': 17887, 'record': {'Quote': 'Dreams are necessary to life.', 'Author': 'Anaïs Nin'}},
    {
        'id': 17895,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep my expectations.',
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17897,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a tapestry woven by the decisions we make.',
            'Author': 'Sherrilyn Kenyon,  Kiss of the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17907,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether 
you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether 
you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.",
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17917,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That 
first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is 
the first page! And it is a beautiful one!',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17925,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "After all, life hasn't much to offer except youth, and I suppose for older people, the love of youth 
in others.",
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17929,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but
you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit",
            'Author': "Madeleine L'Engle,  A Wrinkle in Time"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'those who do not know how to see the precious things in life will never be happy.',
            'Author': 'Alex Flinn,  Beastly'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17934,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To dream by night is to escape your life. To dream by day is to make it happen.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17947,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment 
when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.',
            'Author': 'Gerard Way'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17979,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Medicine is not only a science; it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and 
plasters; it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.',
            'Author': 'Paracelsus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 17982,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet 
enough to call forth its riches; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent place.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke,  Letters to a Young Poet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're a hero and a gentleman, you're kind and honest, but more than that, you're the first man I 
ever truly loved. And no matter what the future brings, you always will be, and I know that my life is better for it.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Dear John'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you 
not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside 
of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.',
            'Author': 'Jason Mraz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your 
imagination.',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18026,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you 
are capable of living.',
            'Author': 'Nelson Mandela'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and 
independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.',
            'Author': 'Pope John Paul II'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18045,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. 
Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the
opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be 
an excellent example of being human.",
            'Author': 'Anthony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18050,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To look life in the face, always, to look life in the face, and to know it for what it is...at last, 
to love it for what it is, and then, to put it away...',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf'
        }
    },
    {'id': 18086, 'record': {'Quote': 'Some of the worst mistakes in my life were haircuts', 'Author': 'Jim Morrison'}},
    {
        'id': 18109,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun',
            'Author': 'Charles Bukowski,  Factotum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18121,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love like rain, can nourish from above, drenching couples with soaking joy. But sometimes, under the 
angry heat of life, love dries on the surface and must nourish from below, tending to its roots, keeping itself alive.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is nothing without a little chaos to make it interesting.',
            'Author': 'Amelia Atwater-Rhodes,  Demon in My View'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Anybody who has survived his childhood has enough information about life to last him the rest of his 
days.',
            'Author': "Flannery O'Connor,  Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18142,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the most scariest thing in life is when you come to the realization that the only thing that 
can save you is...yourself',
            'Author': 'Demi Lovato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Hope is a feeling that life and work have meaning. You either have it or you don't, regardless of the
state of the world that surrounds you.",
            'Author': 'Vaclav Havel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18162,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is a good rule in life never to apologize. The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the
wrong sort take a mean advantage of them.',
            'Author': 'P.G. Wodehouse,  The Man Upstairs and Other Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18172,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, alistening ear, an honest 
compliment, or the smallest act of caring, allof which have the potential to turn a life around.',
            'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18217,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and
making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.",
            'Author': 'Lucille Ball'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.",
            'Author': "E.B. White,  Charlotte's Web"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18287,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.",
            'Author': 'Bill Ayers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18319,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We spend the first year of a child's life teaching it to walk and talk and the rest of its life to 
shut up and sit down. There's something wrong there.",
            'Author': 'Neil deGrasse Tyson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But how will I know who my Soulmate is?” Brida felt that this was one of the most important questions
she had ever asked in her life. By taking risks’ she said to Brida. ‘ By risking failure, disappointment, disillusion, but 
never ceasing in you search for Love. As long as you keep looking, you will triumph in the end.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Brida'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.',
            'Author': 'Malcolm X,  The Autobiography Of Malcolm X'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18337,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you encourage others, you in the process are encouraged because you're making a commitment and 
difference in that person's life. Encouragement really does make a difference.",
            'Author': 'Zig Ziglar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18344,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I 
hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly 
what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.',
            'Author': "Conan O'Brien"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18348,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to believe that I'm not wrong. I want to believe that life isn't full of darkness. Even if 
storms come to pass, the sun will shine again. No matter how painful and hard the rain may beat down on me.",
            'Author': 'Natsuki Takaya'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18374,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You made me confess the fears that I have. But I will tell you also what I do not fear. I do not fear
to be alone or to be spurned for another or to leave whatever I have to leave. And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even 
a great mistake, a lifelong mistake and perhaps as long as eternity too.',
            'Author': 'James Joyce,  A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man'
        }
    },
    {'id': 18379, 'record': {'Quote': 'You are -- your life, and nothing else.', 'Author': 'Jean-Paul Sartre,  No Exit'}},
    {
        'id': 18386,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is 
here for.",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18410,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you 
really want to go.',
            'Author': 'Langston Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18440,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.',
            'Author': 'Rick Warren'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.',
            'Author': 'Leonard Cohen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18459,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes the best and worst times of your life can coincide. It is a talent of the soul to discover 
the joy in pain—-thinking of moments you long for, and knowing you’ll never have them again. The beautiful ghosts of our 
past haunt us, and yet we still can’t decide if the pain they caused us out weighs the tender moments when they touched our
soul. This is the irony of love.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is beauty in truth, even if it's painful. Those who lie, twist life so that it looks tasty to 
the lazy, brilliant to the ignorant, and powerful to the weak. But lies only strengthen our defects. They don't teach 
anything, help anything, fix anything or cure anything. Nor do they develop one's character, one's mind, one's heart or 
one's soul.",
            'Author': 'José N. Harris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18479,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't 
save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a 
SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job.",
            'Author': 'Chris Kyle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18484,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the 
shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if 
that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.',
            'Author': 'Winston S. Churchill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18490,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour, and
the minute.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18505,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How often do we tell our own life story? How often do we adjust, embellish, make sly cuts? And the 
longer life goes on, the fewer are those around to challenge our account, to remind us that our life is not our life, 
merely the story we have told about our life. Told to others, but—mainly—to ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Julian Barnes,  The Sense of an Ending'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18519,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Imagine there's no countriesIt isn't hard to doNothing to kill or die forAnd no religion tooImagine 
all the peopleLiving life in peaceYou may say that I'm a dreamerBut I'm not the only oneI hope someday you'll join usAnd 
the world will be as one",
            'Author': 'John Lennon,  Imagine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.',
            'Author': 'Mary Shelley,  Frankenstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18525,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Quiet is peace. Tranquility. Quiet is turning down the volume knob on life. Silence is pushing the 
off button. Shutting it down. All of it. - Amir',
            'Author': 'Khaled Hosseini,  The Kite Runner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18533,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to think that you could get to a level of success where the laws of the universe didn't apply.
But they do. It's still life on life's terms, not on movie-star terms. I still have to work at relationships. I still have 
to work on my weight and some of my other demons.",
            'Author': 'Chris Farley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18534,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't write literary fiction - I write books that are entertaining, but are also, I hope, 
well-constructed and thoughtful and funny and have things to say about men and women and families and children and life in 
America today.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Weiner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18537,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and 
from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our 
souls.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Cady Stanton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is this thing safe?""Safe as life,"Gansey replied.',
            'Author': 'Maggie Stiefvater,  The Raven Boys'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18550,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You know, some people say life is short and that you could get hit by a bus at any moment and that 
you have to live each day like it's your last. Bullshit. Life is long. You're probably not gonna get hit by a bus. And 
you're gonna have to live with the choices you make for the next fifty years.",
            'Author': 'Chris Rock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Remember it all, every insult, every tear. Tattoo it on the inside of your mind. In life, knowledge 
of poisons is essential. I've told you, nobody becomes an artist unless they have to.",
            'Author': 'Janet Fitch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18579,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You asked why I couldn\'t forgive you,"Nick said, very quietly, and I jumped a little. "It was 
because you were the love of my life, Harper. And you didn\'t want to be. That\'s hard to let go.',
            'Author': 'Kristan Higgins,  My One and Only'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not bothered about what people say behind my back. I don't need to know about it. I believe in 
living my life and doing my work. God will give you success. And even if He doesn't, there's a lesson to be learnt.",
            'Author': 'Rani Mukerji'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18591,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The value of life is not in its duration, but in its donation. You are not important because of how 
long you live, you are important because of how effective you live.',
            'Author': 'Myles Munroe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are 
interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and
above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only 
thing to be.',
            'Author': 'Roald Dahl,  My Uncle Oswald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was in the biggest breakdown of my life when I stopped crying long enough to let the words of my 
epiphany really sink in. That whore, karma, had finally made her way around, and had just bitch-slapped me right across the
face. The realization only made me cry harder.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Salaiz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18637,
        'record': {'Quote': 'You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.', 'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'}
    },
    {
        'id': 18639,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, 
immediately or in the long run.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18656,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am a great admirer of mystery and magic. Look at this life - all mystery and magic.',
            'Author': 'Harry Houdini'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18657,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one 
happiness in life, to love and be loved.",
            'Author': 'George Sand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18664,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the 
ranks of the insane.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other 
everyhwere.',
            'Author': 'Tim McGraw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?',
            'Author': 'Rainbow Rowell,  Eleanor & Park'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the
road is life',
            'Author': 'Jack Kerouac,  On the Road'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18725,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.', 'Author': 'Phillips Brooks'}
    },
    {
        'id': 18730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself 
to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your
family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.",
            'Author': 'Earl Nightingale'
        }
    },
    {'id': 18774, 'record': {'Quote': "Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.", 'Author': 'William Morris'}},
    {
        'id': 18779,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I feel that the simplicity of life is just being yourself.', 'Author': 'Bobby Brown'}
    },
    {'id': 18780, 'record': {'Quote': 'The way to know life is to love many things.', 'Author': 'Vincent Van Gogh'}},
    {
        'id': 18786,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I knew I loved you before I met youI think I dreamed you into lifeI knew I loved you before I met 
youI have been waiting all my life',
            'Author': 'Savage Garden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Real life's nasty. It's cruel. It doesn't care about heroes and happy endings and the way things 
should be. In real life, bad things happen. People die. Fights are lost. Evil often wins.",
            'Author': 'Darren Shan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't being said. The art of reading 
between the lines is a life long quest of the wise.",
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18808,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Wisdom is having things right in your lifeand knowing why.', 'Author': 'William Stafford'}
    },
    {
        'id': 18816,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service 
of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.",
            'Author': 'John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18818,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how 
much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18825,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Time will make it worse! You're...the other half of his soul. He's never going to get over you. And 
no matter how much you hope that you will... you'll never get over him. You're going to wake up one day and realize what 
you've done, and you're going to regret the time you wasted apart from him for the rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'Jamie McGuire,  Providence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18828,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In life you'll meet a lot of jerks. If they hurt you, tell yourself that it's because they're stupid.
That will help keep you from reacting to their cruelty. Because there is nothing worse than bitterness and vengeance... 
Always keep your dignity and be true to yourself.",
            'Author': 'Marjane Satrapi,  Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never forget that God is your friend. And like all friends, He longs to hear what's been happening in
your life. Good or bad, whether it's been full of sorrow or anger, or even when you're questioning why terrible things have
to happen.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Last Song'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18841,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only 
at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and 
stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. 
You can't force them.",
            'Author': "D.H. Lawrence,  Lady Chatterley's Lover"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "They've got no idea what happiness is, they don't know that without this love there is no happiness 
or unhappiness for us--there is no life.",
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  Anna Karenina'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18845,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out 
what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.",
            'Author': 'Shauna Niequist,  Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never forget that anticipation is an important part of life. Work's important, family's important, 
but without excitement, you have nothing. You're cheating yourself if you refuse to enjoy what's coming.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Three Weeks With My Brother'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining 
about having a boring life.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Cobain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18890,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I told him I believed in hell, and that certain people, like me, had to live in hell before they 
died, to make up for missing out on it after death, since they didn't believe in life after death, and what each person 
believed happened to him when he died.",
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Bell Jar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18906,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I thought doing reality TV would be the greatest success of my life or the biggest mistake.',
            'Author': 'Bethenny Frankel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.',
            'Author': 'Alan Alda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.",
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18934,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I won't tell you that the world matters nothing, or the world's voice, or the voice of society. They 
matter a good deal. They matter far too much. But there are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life, 
fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy 
demands. You have that moment now. Choose!",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hug him tightly. “I can’t imagine my life without you, Christian. I love you so much it frightens 
me.” “Me, too,” he breathes. “My life would be empty without you. I love you so much.',
            'Author': 'E.L. James,  Fifty Shades Darker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is hard. After all, it kills you.',
            'Author': 'Katharine Hepburn,  Me: Stories of My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18961,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Romance takes place in the middle distance. Romance is looking in at yourself through a window 
clouded with dew. Romance means leaving things out: where life grunts and shuffles, romance only sighs.',
            'Author': 'Margaret Atwood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sense of humor is important in life, not just in clothing. How boring to live a life in beige.',
            'Author': 'Jean Pigozzi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 18987,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When love has fused and mingled two beings in a sacred and angelic unity, the secret of life has been
discovered so far as they are concerned; they are no longer anything more than the two boundaries of the same destiny; they
are no longer anything but the two wings of the same spirit. Love, soar.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19004,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The only way love can last a lifetime is if it's unconditional. The truth is this: love is not 
determined by the one being loved but rather by the one choosing to love.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Kendrick,  The Love Dare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues 
to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards 
the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.',
            'Author': 'J.D. Stroube,  Caged by Damnation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19039,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.',
            'Author': 'Leonardo da Vinci'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to 
criticize others.',
            'Author': 'H. Jackson Brown, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Snuff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's one of the remarkable things about life. It's never so bad that it can't get worse.",
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To sell your soul is the easiest thing in the world. That's what everybody does every hour of his 
life. If I asked you to keep your soul - would you understand why that's much harder?",
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  The Fountainhead'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19100,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She was like a drowning person, flailing, reaching for anything that might save her. Her life was an 
urgent, desperate struggle to justify her life.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Safran Foer,  Everything Is Illuminated'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19104,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are the master of your destiny. You can influence, direct and control your own environment. You 
can make your life what you want it to be.',
            'Author': 'Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19109,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As I prepare for my second term as Secretary-General, I am thinking hard about how we can meet the 
expectations of the millions of people who see the U.N.'s blue flag as a banner of hope. We have to continue our 
life-saving work in peacekeeping, human rights, development and humanitarian relief.",
            'Author': 'Ban Ki-moon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19112,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is 
right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.',
            'Author': 'W. Clement Stone'
        }
    },
    {'id': 19113, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love is energy of life.', 'Author': 'Robert Browning'}},
    {
        'id': 19119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.",
            'Author': 'Bob Dylan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19133,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.',
            'Author': 'Danny Kaye'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19161,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this
fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19168,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19188,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;Behind the clouds is the sun still shining;Thy fate is the 
common fate of all,Into each life some rain must fall',
            'Author': 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,  Ballads and Other Poems'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Still, what I want in my lifeis to be willingto be dazzled—to cast aside the weight of factsand maybe
evento float a littleabove this difficult world.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.",
            'Author': 'Woody Allen'
        }
    },
    {'id': 19236, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life begins on the other side of despair.', 'Author': 'Jean-Paul Sartre'}},
    {'id': 19248, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is like a box of chocolates.', 'Author': 'Winston Groom,  Gump and Co.'}},
    {
        'id': 19254,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled; the difference between the two being this, 
that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.',
            'Author': 'Hilaire Belloc'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He had the look of one who had drunk the cup of life and found a dead beetle at the bottom.',
            'Author': 'P.G. Wodehouse'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19274,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to 
you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books. Books make sense of life. The only problem is
that the lives they make sense of are other people's lives, never your own.",
            'Author': "Julian Barnes,  Flaubert's Parrot"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be 
able to throw some things back.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he
was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, 
and then I showed myself how to get found.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  Just One Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19312,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Even with all our technology and the inventions that make modern life so much easier than it once 
was, it takes just one big natural disaster to wipe all that away and remind us that, here on Earth, we're still at the 
mercy of nature.",
            'Author': 'Neil deGrasse Tyson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19314,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Humor is imperative, more important than food. You have a choice when someone dies. You can lie down 
or get back into life. Do something for someone else.',
            'Author': 'Doris Roberts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19321,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've been in love with you since the very beginning. You asked why there isn't anyone else in my 
life, and the reason... is you.",
            'Author': 'Julie James,  Practice Makes Perfect'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt,
as far as possible, all things.',
            'Author': 'René Descartes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19327,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life has one true love snapshot.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'll never know, and neither will you, of the life you don't choose. We'll only know that whatever 
that sister life was, it was important and beautiful and not ours. It was the ghost ship that didn't carry us. There's 
nothing to do but salute it from the shore.",
            'Author': 'Cheryl Strayed,  Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19346,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You think when you wake up in the mornin yesterday don't count. But yesterday is all that does count.
What else is there? Your life is made out of the days it’s made out of. Nothin else.",
            'Author': 'Cormac McCarthy,  No Country For Old Men'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is how the entire course of a life can be changed: by doing nothing.',
            'Author': 'Ian McEwan,  On Chesil Beach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.",
            'Author': 'Katy Perry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19358,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life.',
            'Author': 'Norman Cousins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times 
a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably 
difficult to kill.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19378,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Cassia.I know which life is my real one now, no matter what happens. It’s the one with you. For some 
reason, knowing that even one person knows my story makes things different. Maybe it’s like the poem says. Maybe this is my
way of not going gentle.I love you. (Ky Markham)',
            'Author': 'Ally Condie,  Matched'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.",
            'Author': 'Jim Henson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19402,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.', 'Author': 'Roger A. Caras'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19404,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it 
offers you.',
            'Author': 'T.S. Eliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a 
lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19412,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're 
alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  American Gods'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19425,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in 
life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.',
            'Author': 'Booker T. Washington,  Up From Slavery: An Autobiography'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You've got to know what you want. This is central to acting on your intentions. When you know what 
you want, you realize that all there is left then is time management. You'll manage your time to achieve your goals because
you clearly know what you're trying to achieve in your life.",
            'Author': 'Patch Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So much working, reading, thinking, living to do! A lifetime is not long enough.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19454,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life happens. Shit happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people.',
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Slammed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I know it's not easy for you, living this life, but try to remember, always try to remember, you're 
not the only one with troubles.",
            'Author': 'Laini Taylor,  Daughter of Smoke & Bone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The clearest way to show what the rule of law means to us in everyday life is to recall what has 
happened when there is no rule of law.',
            'Author': 'Dwight D. Eisenhower'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.',
            'Author': 'Mark Twain,  Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19542,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They tell us that Suicide is the greatest piece of Cowardice... That Suicide is wrong; when it is 
quite obvious that there is nothing in this world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and
person.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Schopenhauer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19543,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the greatest pieces of advice I’ve ever gotten in my life was from my mom. When I was a little
kid there was a kid who was bugging me at school and she said “Okay, I’m gonna tell you what to do. If the kid’s bugging 
you and puts his hands on you; you pick up the nearest rock...',
            'Author': 'Johnny Depp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19567,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, 
dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way 
that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19577,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to 
follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but 
they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!",
            'Author': 'Cara Delevingne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19581,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour 
inside.",
            'Author': 'Pearl Bailey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life 
as a champion'.",
            'Author': 'Muhammad Ali'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19608,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope for love, pray for love, wish for love, dream for love…but don’t put your life on hold waiting 
for love.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19620,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ever heard of the rule of three? he shouts as we run.No!If you save somebody's life three times, 
their life belongs to you. You saved my life today, that makes once. Save it twice more an I'm all yers.",
            'Author': 'Moira Young,  Blood Red Road'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19638,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.', 'Author': 'Albert Einstein'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive
and childlike -- and yet it is the most precious thing we have.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind 
through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.',
            'Author': 'John Lubbock,  The Pleasures of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.',
            'Author': 'Johann Wolfgang von Goethe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the 
ditch a beggar - his life has been a success.',
            'Author': 'Robert Green Ingersoll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19732,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial 
of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Jay Gould'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19757,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just 
decent ones?',
            'Author': 'Jenny Han,  The Summer I Turned Pretty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not saying it's going to be easy. Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. 
You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it. After all, you only have one life, so you should 
try to make the most of it.",
            'Author': 'Louis Sachar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19777,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while', 'Author': 'Groucho Marx'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19785,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love like rain, can nourish from above, drenching couples with a soaking joy. But sometimes under the
angry heat of life, love dries on the surface and must nourish from below, tending to its roots keeping itself alive.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19847,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is too short when you think of the length of death', 'Author': 'Sean Mangan'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19858,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little sidebets about the outcome of life.
either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don't play at all. and if u don't play u can't 
win.",
            'Author': 'Judith McNaught,  Paradise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19869,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Late FragmentAnd did you get whatyou wanted from this life, even so?I did.And what did you want?To 
call myself beloved, to feel myselfbeloved on the earth.',
            'Author': 'Raymond Carver,  A New Path to the Waterfall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is 
to end up with people who make you feel all alone.",
            'Author': 'Robin Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19908,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.', 'Author': 'Hugh Prather'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19913,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The choices you make now, the people you surround yourself with, they all have the potential to 
affect your life, even who you are, forever.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  The Truth About Forever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be 
required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the 
defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.',
            'Author': 'Philip K. Dick,  Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19932,
        'record': {'Quote': "You can get all A's and still flunk life.", 'Author': 'Walker Percy,  The Second Coming'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I suppose sooner or later in the life of everyone comes a moment of trial. We all of us have our 
particular devil who rides us and torments us, and we must give battle in the end.',
            'Author': 'Daphne du Maurier,  Rebecca'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19981,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.', 'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'}
    },
    {
        'id': 19984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dance music is my love, is my passion, is my life. I live for my fans and take my art very 
seriously.',
            'Author': 'Steve Aoki'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 19985,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and 
you will save his life.',
            'Author': 'Confucius'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Character — the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life — is the source from which 
self-respect springs.",
            'Author': 'Joan Didion,  On Self-Respect'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20009,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My brain is divided into two butterflies, and both are in love with your rose-shaped heart. If you've
got the garden, I've got my whole life.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a 
shit.',
            'Author': 'J.A. Konrath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20030,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the 
stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of 
air.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Kay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20050,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, 
few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but 
falsely identified as lying within.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Jay Gould,  The Mismeasure of Man'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love.I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.',
            'Author': 'Langston Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for 
living.',
            'Author': 'Jo Nesbø'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but
to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.',
            'Author': 'Arnold Schwarzenegger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like 
that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push 
forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.",
            'Author': 'Natsuki Takaya,  Fruits Basket, Vol. 21'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20112,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not towisdom, but to scar tissue and 
callus.',
            'Author': 'Wallace Stegner,  The Spectator Bird'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If it’s the last kiss, we’d better make it last. I hope you don’t have anywhere to be, because I have
the rest of my life free.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is a stripping away of all that is not you. The secret of life is to "die before you die"--- 
and find that there is no death.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20138,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm just thankful for everything, all the blessings in my life, trying to stay that way. I think 
that's the best way to start your day and finish your day. It keeps everything in perspective.",
            'Author': 'Tim Tebow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For each of us, life is a journey. Heavenly Father designed it for us out of love. Each of us has 
unique experiences and characteristics, but our journey began in the same place before we were born into this world.',
            'Author': 'Henry B. Eyring'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20143,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted to be his life preserver, the thing that would keep him afloat. Instead, he became my 
anchor. And I’m tired of drowning.',
            'Author': 'Amanda Grace,  But I Love Him'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can do pain. That’s the easy part of life. It’s everything else, happiness, laughter, love, that’s 
fucking complicated.',
            'Author': 'Jessica Sorensen,  The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20241,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ll be your Dostoevsky, if you’ll be my Tolstoy. Our life together will be so full of despair that 
death will be like a gulag full of joy.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being 
our own happiness depends.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20265,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is not like water. Things in life don't necessarily flow over the shortest possible route.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  1Q84'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20280,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've come to believe that in everyone's life, there's one undeniable moment of change, a set of 
circumstances that suddenly alters everything.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Safe Haven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And life  definitely  doesn't want me To just let it  tell  me that the  girl  I met,The  beautiful, 
amazing, strong, resilient girl That I fell so  hard  forShould only come in  third Life  knows. Life is trying to  tell  
neThat the  girl  I  love The girl I fellSo  hard  for?There's room for her in  first. I'm putting  her  first.",
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Slammed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20299,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you compare the sorrows of real life to the pleasures of the imaginary one, you will never want 
to live again, only to dream forever.',
            'Author': 'Alexandre Dumas,  The Count of Monte Cristo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20327,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply 
because don't know what to do with it.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Like the Flowing River'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20335,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too short to worry about anything. You had better enjoy it because the next day promises 
nothing.',
            'Author': 'Eric Davis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20348,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of 
your own making.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20350,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich 
man can buy that!",
            'Author': 'Staness Jonekos'
        }
    },
    {'id': 20383, 'record': {'Quote': 'Let all of life be an unfettered howl.', 'Author': 'Vladimir Nabokov'}},
    {
        'id': 20388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is but a day:A fragile dewdrop on its perilious wayFrom a tree's summit",
            'Author': 'John Keats'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20400,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our 
paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I 
appreciate and cherish.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20414,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel like life is really short, and it's important to enjoy yourself and embrace whatever comes 
your way, whether it's a challenging day or a great day, just welcome it with open arms. No matter who you are, you can't 
escape challenges; they are part of life.",
            'Author': 'Miranda Kerr'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20419,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life, it’s made up of two things—time and love. A watch tells one, but what tells the other? We tell 
each other.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Love quotes for the ages. Specifically ages 18-81.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20452,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Rescue'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you 
never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the best times for figuring out who you are & what you really want out of life? Right after a 
break-up.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20468,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.",
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott,  Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20486,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have never voted in my life... I have always known and understood that the idiots are in a majority
so it's certain they will win.",
            'Author': 'Louis-Ferdinand Céline'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20496,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think that hope, that ability to envision, to imagine a better way, and then to apply yourself to 
it, is the way to climb out of a hole, is the way to build a better life, is the way to build a better community and a 
better country.',
            'Author': 'Deval Patrick'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Few people seem to realize that the resurrection of Jesus is the cornerstone to a worldview that 
provides the perspective to all of life.',
            'Author': 'Josh McDowell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're taught that in life, we should try to look on the bright side. Not in this case. In this case, 
assume rejection first. Assume you're the rule, not the exception. It's liberating. But we also know it's not an easy 
concept. -He's not just into you",
            'Author': 'Greg Behrendt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20546,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Men are more interesting in books than they are in real life.',
            'Author': 'Mary Ann Shaffer,  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20564,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Clocks slay time... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the 
clock stops does time come to life.',
            'Author': 'William Faulkner,  The Sound and the Fury'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20584,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We cannot always control everything that happens to us in this life, but we can control how we 
respond. Many struggles come as problems and pressures that sometimes cause pain. Others come as temptations, trials, and 
tribulations.',
            'Author': 'L. Lionel Kendrick'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Kiss a lover, Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure. Face your life, It's pain, It's 
pleasure, Leave no path untaken.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Graveyard Book'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20603,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix 
it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, 
like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps",
            'Author': 'Paula Hawkins,  The Girl on the Train'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20617,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life--to 
strengthen each other in all labor, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one 
with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  Adam Bede'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the 
biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns 
out.",
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  The Undomestic Goddess'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20625,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I\'d like to add some beauty to life,"said Anne dreamily. "I don\'t exactly want to make people KNOW 
more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I\'d love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to
have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn\'t been born.',
            'Author': "L.M. Montgomery,  Anne's House of Dreams"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20635,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his 
attitude.',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20641,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyone grieves in different ways. For some, it could take longer or shorter. I do know it never 
disappears. An ember still smolders inside me. Most days, I don’t notice it, but, out of the blue, it’ll flare to life.',
            'Author': 'Maria V. Snyder,  Storm Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are too many books in the world to read in a single lifetime; you have to draw the line 
somewhere.',
            'Author': 'Diane Setterfield,  The Thirteenth Tale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's important in life if you don't give a shit. It can help you a lot.",
            'Author': 'George Carlin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20655,
        'record': {'Quote': "Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.", 'Author': 'Hans Christian Andersen'}
    },
    {
        'id': 20669,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God doesn’t need to punish us. He just grants us a long enough life to punish ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20670,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is the tragedy,' she said bitterly. 'You know how they categorize Shakespeare's plays, right? If
it ends with a wedding, it's a comedy. And if it ends with a funeral, it's a tragedy. So we're all living tragedies, 
because we all end the same way, and it isn't with a goddamn wedding.",
            'Author': 'Robyn Schneider,  The Beginning of Everything'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20709,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.', 'Author': 'Tennessee Williams'}
    },
    {
        'id': 20728,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Neither were you [born yesterday], unless of course I am wrong, in which case welcome to the world, 
little baby, and congratulations on learning to read so early in life.',
            'Author': 'Lemony Snicket,  The Penultimate Peril'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20747,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Helloooo? I just made some changes in my life, and if I don't get back to you as soon as possible, 
then guess what? You were one of those changes.",
            'Author': 'Rumiko Takahashi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20753,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is 10 percent what you make itand 90 percent how you take it.',
            'Author': 'Irving Berlin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20785,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.",
            'Author': 'Thomas Merton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20789,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a
telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.",
            'Author': 'Dr. Seuss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I cannot understand anti-abortion arguments that centre on the sanctity of life. As a species we've 
fairly comprehensively demonstrated that we don't believe in the sanctity of life. The shrugging acceptance of war, famine,
epidemic, pain and life-long poverty shows us that, whatever we tell ourselves, we've made only the most feeble of efforts 
to really treat human life as sacred.",
            'Author': 'Caitlin Moran,  How to Be a Woman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20807,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what
you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All
of it was and IS perfect.',
            'Author': 'Jason Mraz'
        }
    },
    {'id': 20813, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is but a dream for the dead.', 'Author': 'Gerard Way'}},
    {
        'id': 20820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There\'s no advantage to hurrying through life."-Shikamaru Nara',
            'Author': 'Masashi Kishimoto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20821,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Let me tell ya. You gotta pay attention to signs. When life reaches out with a moment like this it's 
a sin if you don't reach back... I'm telling you.",
            'Author': 'Matthew Quick,  The Silver Linings Playbook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20823,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My dad used to say that life's a journey, but somebody screwed up and lost the map.",
            'Author': 'Rachel Caine,  Kiss of Death'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20838,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even chance meetings are the result of karma… Things in life are fated by our previous lives. That 
even in the smallest events there’s no such thing as coincidence.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Kafka on the Shore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20846,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the 
courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more 
unconventional traits',
            'Author': 'Anaïs Nin,  The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20848,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All any of us wanted, really, was to know that we counted. That someone else's life would not have 
been as rich without us here.",
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Handle with Care'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20851,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The truth is, every son raised by a single mom is pretty much born married. I don't know, but until 
your mom dies it seems like all the other women in your life can never be more than just your mistress.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wouldn\'t marry Giddon to save my life,"Katsa said. "Not even to save yours.""Well."Raffin\'s eyes 
were full of laughter. "I\'d leave that part out.',
            'Author': 'Kristin Cashore,  Graceling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20869,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime?",
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoyevsky,  White Nights'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20872,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to write because I have the urge to excel in one medium of translation and expression of life.
I can't be satisfied with the colossal job of merely living. Oh, no, I must order life in sonnets and sestinas and provide 
a verbal reflector for my 60-watt lighted head.",
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing 
to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.",
            'Author': 'Brian Tracy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20883,
        'record': {'Quote': "In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.", 'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'}
    },
    {
        'id': 20884,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up 
becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to 
be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none 
about his or her own.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20907,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is.',
            'Author': 'Mario Benedetti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life.",
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer,  Any Minute'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20930,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more.
It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to 
arrive--I'll find love again.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Zahir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20973,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe any success in life is made by going into an area with a blind, furious optimism.',
            'Author': 'Sylvester Stallone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 20998,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.',
            'Author': 'Bill Hicks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21006,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is problems. Living is solving problems.', 'Author': 'Raymond E. Feist,  Silverthorn'}
    },
    {
        'id': 21017,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the 
colada.',
            'Author': "Ellen DeGeneres,  Seriously... I'm Kidding"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21025,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Now I understand that one of the important reasons for going to college and getting an education is 
to learn that the things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is what it appears to be.",
            'Author': 'Daniel Keyes,  Flowers for Algernon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21028,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to spend so much time reacting and responding to everyone else that my life had no direction. 
Other people's lives, problems, and wants set the course for my life. Once I realized it was okay for me to think about and
identify what I wanted, remarkable things began to take place in my life.",
            'Author': 'Melody Beattie,  The Language of Letting Go: Daily Meditations on Codependency'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some people try to change the world one life at a time. Others try to change the world one death at a
time. And I try to change the world one bucket full of dirt at a time.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21051,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21122,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is nothing more beautiful than someone who goes out of their way to make life beautiful for 
others.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is both sad and solemn. We are led into a wonderful world, we meet one another here, greet each 
other - and wander together for a brief moment. Then we lose each other and disappear as suddenly and unreasonably as we 
arrived.',
            'Author': "Jostein Gaarder,  Sophie's World"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21169,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our individuality is all, all, that we have. There are those who barter it for security, those who 
repress it for what they believe is the betterment of the whole society, but blessed in the twinkle of the morning star is 
the one who nurtures it and rides it in, in grace and love and wit, from peculiar station to peculiar station along life's 
bittersweet route.",
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins,  Jitterbug Perfume'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21180,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started 
focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take 
effective action on things you can change.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21195,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a 
radiance.',
            'Author': 'Morgan Freeman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21200,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going to fast - you also miss the 
sense of where you are going and why.",
            'Author': 'Eddie Cantor'
        }
    },
    {'id': 21208, 'record': {'Quote': 'Without music, life would be a blank to me.', 'Author': 'Jane Austen,  Emma'}},
    {
        'id': 21225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If I had a camera,' I said, 'I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you 
looked every single day of your life.",
            'Author': 'Nicole Krauss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.',
            'Author': 'Hans Christian Andersen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21250,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or 
simply close it.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21277,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I 
don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.",
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21288,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.',
            'Author': 'Stephanie Perkins,  Lola and the Boy Next Door'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21302,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions, but nothing changed in my 
life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage were born.',
            'Author': 'Malala Yousafzai'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at 
once: music, laughter,the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands,the scent of rain, the concept of subway 
trains... if only one could leave this life slowly!',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne,  Rooftop Soliloquy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21360,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I just looked at her, feeling utterly empty. I didn’t know what I was supposed to say to her. My life
is in that bed. Please let me stay.',
            'Author': 'Maggie Stiefvater,  Linger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be loved but not known is comforting but superficial. To be known and not loved is our greatest 
fear. But to be fully known and truly loved is, well, a lot like being loved by God. It is what we need more than anything.
It liberates us from pretense, humbles us out of our self-righteousness, and fortifies us for any difficulty life can throw
at us.',
            'Author': 'Timothy Keller,  The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of 
God'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[In the Universe it may be that] Primitive life is very common and intelligent life is fairly rare. 
Some would say it has yet to occur on Earth.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.',
            'Author': 'Seneca'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Poetry is a life-cherishing force. For poems are not words, after all, but fires for the cold, ropes 
let down to the lost, something as necessary as bread in the pockets of the hungry.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  A Poetry Handbook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!',
            'Author': 'Dale Wasserman,  Man of La Mancha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21437,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am happy to say that everyone that I have met in my life, I have gained something from them; be it 
negative or positive, it has enforced and reinforced my life in some aspect.',
            'Author': 'Walter Payton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21444,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to 
start all over again.',
            'Author': 'Eric Roth,  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21464,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As with most of life's problems, this one can be solved by a box of pure radiation.",
            'Author': 'Andy Weir,  The Martian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21471,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with 
Nature.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell,  A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Mr. Bradford,"she said. "I\'m not going to propose to you."The twinkle in Mr. Bradford\'s eyes faded.
So did his smile. He managed to keep it on his face. It looked painful."Oh,"he said."Mr. Bradford?""Yes?""Would you mind it
so very much if...you know...you proposed to me?"The light in Mr. Bradford\'s eyes jumped to life. He beamed so largely it 
almost wasn\'t crooked."If you want.',
            'Author': 'Heather Dixon,  Entwined'
        }
    },
    {'id': 21493, 'record': {'Quote': 'My life is a reading list.', 'Author': 'John Irving,  A Prayer for Owen Meany'}},
    {
        'id': 21504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through 
mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.',
            'Author': 'Thomas S. Monson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21514,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When life gives you lemons, make lemonade, and then throw it in the face of the person who gave you 
the lemons until they give you the oranges you originally asked for.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An ability to look into the confusing mess of life and see things for what they are.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Mockingjay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21550,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have 
given the most special gift: happiness.',
            'Author': 'Brad Garrett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21582,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading changes your life. Reading unlocks worlds unknown or forgotten, taking travelers around the 
world and through time. Reading helps you escape the confines of school and pursue your own education. Through characters –
the saints and the sinners, real or imagined – reading shows you how to be a better human being.',
            'Author': 'Donalyn Miller,  The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely 
surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take 
anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21622,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered
along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Addison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out
the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those 
who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the 
rotten ones and savor all the good ones.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21653,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams 
flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from
one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly 
painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.",
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Berg,  The Art of Mending'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21655,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.',
            'Author': 'George Gordon Byron'
        }
    },
    {'id': 21661, 'record': {'Quote': 'You have every right to a beautiful life.', 'Author': 'Selena Gómez'}},
    {'id': 21698, 'record': {'Quote': 'You change your life by changing your heart.', 'Author': 'Max Lucado'}},
    {
        'id': 21702,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once something has outlived its usefulness in one area of life, its purpose for being in existence is
no longer the same. The leaf that captures a stream of sunlight, and then transfers its energy to the tree, serves one 
purpose in the spring and summer, and another completely different one through the fall and winter.',
            'Author': 'Guy Finley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21705,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes when I try to make jokes or have a sense of humor in interviews, it doesn't go over very 
well. But Twitter made my life easier in this way that I didn't expect. It would have taken probably 10 times as long for 
people to accept my voice and my sense of humor if I didn't have Twitter.",
            'Author': 'Anna Kendrick'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe when life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade...and try to find someone whose life 
has given them vodka, and have a party.',
            'Author': 'Ron White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I found power in accepting the truth of who I am. It may not be a truth that others can accept, but I
cannot live any other way. How would it be to live a lie every minute of your life.',
            'Author': 'Alison Goodman,  Eon: Dragoneye Reborn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Let me wake up next to you, have coffee in the morning and wander through the city with your hand in 
mine, and I'll be happy for the rest of my fucked up little life.",
            'Author': 'Charlotte Eriksson,  Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21768,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I only want to write. And there's no college for that except life.",
            'Author': 'Dodie Smith,  I Capture the Castle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21777,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider 
nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.",
            'Author': 'David Copperfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes
next.',
            'Author': 'Ursula K. Le Guin,  The Left Hand of Darkness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21800,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really think I write about everyday life. I don't think I'm quite as odd as others say I am. Life 
is intrinsically, well, boring and dangerous at the same time. At any given moment the floor may open up. Of course, it 
almost never does; that's what makes it so boring.",
            'Author': 'Edward Gorey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21826,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'By the way, when Oprah Winfrey is suggesting you may have overextended yourself, you need to examine 
your fucking life.',
            'Author': 'Tina Fey,  Bossypants'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I
have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust 
for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very 
scary.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen 
days.',
            'Author': 'Ellen DeGeneres,  The Funny Thing Is...'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21882,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The storm is coming whether you’re aware of it or not, and whether you’re prepared for it or not. 
Thank God you have a man like me in your life, a man with a variety of umbrellas for sale in an affordable range of 
prices.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21888,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A window—it’s more entertaining than TV. Just ask a cat looking out, or a man looking in on a life he
desires.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21908,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The world’s bumper sticker reads: Life sucks, and then you die. Perhaps Christian bumper stickers 
should read: Life sucks, but then you find hope and you can’t wait to die.',
            'Author': 'Ted Dekker,  The Slumber of Christianity: Awakening a Passion for Heaven on Earth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21915,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She didn't need to understand the meaning of life; it was enough to find someone who did, and then 
fall asleep in his arms and sleep as a child sleeps, knowing that someone stronger than you is protecting you from all evil
and all danger",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Brida'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21921,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready 
to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them.',
            'Author': 'Michael Bassey Johnson,  The Infinity Sign'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21947,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — 
that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of 
true value in life.',
            'Author': 'Sigmund Freud,  Civilization and Its Discontents'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's the thing about life. A lot of the time, it isn't easy at all. We just have to try to make the
best of it.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Safe Haven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21972,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the
every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.',
            'Author': 'Booker T. Washington'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21975,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.",
            'Author': 'H. Jackson Brown, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21976,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am a Mormon because I love the Lord Jesus Christ. And as I exercise faith in Him, I am blessed with
the Holy Spirit in my life.',
            'Author': 'Jane Clayson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21979,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is life, I think, to watch the water. A man can learn so many things.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 21989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To become one who believes two become one, you need love in your life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Love quotes for the ages. Specifically ages 18-81.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22012,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Poor fellow! I think he is in love with you.'I am not aware of it. And to me it is one of the most 
odious things in a girl's life, that there must always be some supposition of falling in love coming between her and any 
man who is kind to her... I have no ground for the nonsensical vanity of fancying everybody who comes near me is in love 
with me.",
            'Author': 'George Eliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from 
small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift.',
            'Author': "Maya Angelou,  Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22024,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?', 'Author': 'J.R. Ward,  Lover Avenged'}
    },
    {
        'id': 22034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '75% of my life is spent wasting time. The other 25% isn’t nearly as productive.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his
home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the 
two.',
            'Author': 'Lynsay Sands,  Love Bites'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22057,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of happy mutual love have 
missed the best thing that life has to give.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head,
and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Bell Jar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Her heart had grown so familiar to the pain of life without him, that to respond now seemed too large
a pleasure she could not endure. If pain was love, then she loved fiercely. Yet knew she could not be near that boy 
again.',
            'Author': 'Coco J. Ginger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A melancholy-looking man, he had the appearance of one who has searched for the leak in life's 
gas-pipe with a lighted candle.",
            'Author': 'P.G. Wodehouse,  The Man Upstairs and Other Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret 
door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd 
better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.",
            'Author': 'Lev Grossman,  The Magicians'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Based on the questions we both answered, we’re a 0% love match. That means we’re 100% compatible, 
once I enlighten her to the correct perspective on life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22179,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To live by grace means to acknowledge my whole life story, the light side and the dark. In admitting 
my shadow side I learn who I am and what God's grace means.",
            'Author': 'Brennan Manning'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  For One More Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22190,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You,"then that will be enough.',
            'Author': 'Elie Wiesel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Conan Doyle,  A Case of Identity'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22252,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After you find out all the things that can go wrong, your life becomes less about living and more 
about waiting.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Choke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you 
understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful 
success.',
            'Author': 'Louisa May Alcott,  Little Women'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.",
            'Author': 'Simone de Beauvoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think computer viruses should count as life ... I think it says something about human nature that 
the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, 
would I want to do what I am about to do today?"And whenever the answer has been "No"for too many days in a row, I know I 
need to change something.',
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22290,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ve got a nice racket going. I make tennis ball swatters. My favorite score is love all. That’s also
how I live my life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's 
what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.",
            'Author': 'Cecelia Ahern,  P.S. I Love You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22299,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it 
seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.',
            'Author': "Lewis Carroll,  Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22308,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a long lesson in humility.', 'Author': 'J.M. Barrie,  The Little Minister'}
    },
    {
        'id': 22346,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.',
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know how both life and porno movies end. The only difference is life starts with the orgasm.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22370,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What refuge is there for the victim who is oppressed with the feeling that there are a thousand new 
books he ought to read, while life is only long enough for him to attempt to read a hundred?',
            'Author': 'Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.,  Over the Teacups'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22371,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I slept and I dreamed that life is all joy. I woke and I saw that life is all service. I served and I
saw that service is joy.',
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Remember how it was when we kissed? Armfuls and armfuls of light thrown right at us. A rope dropping 
down from the sky. How can the word love and the word life even fit in the mouth?',
            'Author': 'Jandy Nelson,  The Sky Is Everywhere'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22390,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I suffer from life and from other people. I can’t look at reality face to face. Even the sun 
discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten and lost, with no connection to anything 
real or useful — only then do I find myself and feel comforted.',
            'Author': 'Fernando Pessoa,  The Book of Disquiet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22446,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In this life, we have to make many choices. Some are very important choices. Some are not. Many of 
our choices are between good and evil. The choices we make, however, determine to a large extent our happiness or our 
unhappiness, because we have to live with the consequences of our choices.',
            'Author': 'James E. Faust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I 
believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find 
despair.",
            'Author': 'Irvin D. Yalom,  When Nietzsche Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22475,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.',
            'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,Love is knowing I am everything,and between the two my life moves.',
            'Author': 'Nisargadatta Maharaj'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22509,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life, the 
pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.",
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22546,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't
make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.",
            'Author': 'Eric Idle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22580,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hitler: Thank you, whoever you are. I think you just saved my life.The Doctor: Believe me... It was 
an accident.',
            'Author': 'Steven Moffat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22608,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There’s a really stupid saying: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Well, I have a better 
saying: When life hands you a lemon, shove that lemon up its stupid butt.',
            'Author': 'Gena Showalter,  Oh My Goth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You are more to me than any of them has any idea; you are the atmosphere of beauty through which I 
see life; you are the incarnation of all lovely things...I think of you day and night. ~ Letter to Lord Alfred 'Bosie' 
Douglas",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just an observation: it is impossible to be both grateful and depressed. Those with a grateful 
mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even 
small ones, to get up.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a 
shepherd.",
            'Author': 'Rumi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22687,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less 
than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last 
analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.',
            'Author': 'Frederick Buechner,  Now and Then: A Memoir of Vocation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not
discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who 
You Want to Be.',
            'Author': 'Neale Donald Walsch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22717,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not enough to believe! Don't you see that, you stupid girl? You could spend your whole life 
hoping and believing! If a love affair is one-sided, then it's only ever a question, never an answer. You can't live your 
life waiting for an answer.",
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  Twenties Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22736,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other 
people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time 
with them, and it will change your life.",
            'Author': 'Amy Poehler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Thank you...for gracing my life with your lovely presence, for adding the sweet measure of your soul 
to my existence.',
            'Author': 'Richard Matheson,  What Dreams May Come'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without 
disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the 
books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect 
work of art.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  The Painted Veil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious.',
            'Author': 'John Irving,  The Hotel New Hampshire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She should have done science, not spent all her time with her head in novels. Novels gave you a 
completely false idea about life, they told lies and they implied there were endings when in reality there were no endings,
everything just went on and on and on.',
            'Author': 'Kate Atkinson,  Case Histories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I know what it is to live entirely for and with what I love best on earth. I hold myself supremely 
blest -- blest beyond what language can express; because I am my husband's life as fully as he is mine.",
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22826,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel.', 'Author': 'Jean Racine'}
    },
    {
        'id': 22827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Now that I’m 33.3 years old, the days of blue and green are behind me. I have left the earthy and 
entered into the purple phase of my life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have loved you all my life, Mal,"I whispered through my tears. "There is no end to our story.',
            'Author': 'Leigh Bardugo,  Siege and Storm'
        }
    },
    {'id': 22841, 'record': {'Quote': 'Rise to the occassion which is life!', 'Author': 'Virginia Euwer Wolff'}},
    {
        'id': 22843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you.',
            'Author': 'Zelda Fitzgerald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22868,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on 
the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.',
            'Author': 'Daisaku Ikeda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22883,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.',
            'Author': 'Rick Warren'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22892,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One word more. You look as if you thought it tainted you to beloved by me. You cannot avoid it. Nay, 
I, if I would, cannotcleanse you from it. But I would not, if I could. I have neverloved any woman before: my life has been
too busy, my thoughtstoo much absorbed with other things. Now I love, and will love.But do not be afraid of too much 
expression on my part.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gaskell,  North and South'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura oflife which bears no 
relation to true immortality but through which theycontinue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive.
Itis as though they were traveling abroad.',
            'Author': 'Marcel Proust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, 
friendship, and compassion",
            'Author': 'Simone de Beauvoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22921,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's
the day we truly grow up.",
            'Author': 'John C. Maxwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22939,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Without community service, we would not have a strong quality of life. It's important to the person 
who serves as well as the recipient. It's the way in which we ourselves grow and develop.",
            'Author': 'Dorothy Height'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 22966,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in 
her life.',
            'Author': 'Brian Andreas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23014,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Crap.It's all crap.Living is crap.Life has no meaning.None. Nowhere to be found.Crap.Why doesn't 
anybody realize this?",
            'Author': 'K-Ske Hasegawa,  Ballad of a Shinigami, Vol. 1'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love 
them, for instance, you must be absolutely certain that they have replied "I love you back"and not "I love your back"before
you continue the conversation.',
            'Author': 'Lemony Snicket'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23041,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They are orphans again, with no true home but each other and whatever life they can make together on 
the other side of the sea.',
            'Author': 'Leigh Bardugo,  Shadow and Bone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23044,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make
some difference that you lived at all.',
            'Author': 'Leo Rosten'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23052,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.",
            'Author': 'Tallulah Bankhead'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23056,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The chief beauty about timeis that you cannot waste it in advance.The next year, the next day, the 
next hour are lying ready for you,as perfect, as unspoiled,as if you had never wasted or misapplieda single moment in all 
your life.You can turn over a new leaf every hourif you choose.',
            'Author': 'Arnold Bennett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But it is impossible to go through life without trust; that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of 
all, oneself.',
            'Author': 'Graham Greene,  The Ministry of Fear'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your way of life is sinful and wrong,"he said fiercely.Thus says a man who admits to worshipping a 
God who vilifies pleasure, relegates women to roles that are little more than servants and broodmares, though they are the 
backbone of your church, and seeks to control his worshippers through guilt and fear.',
            'Author': 'P.C. Cast,  Betrayed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23065,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There\'s an old joke - um... two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort, and one of \'em 
says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible."The other one says, "Yeah, I know; and such small portions."Well, 
that\'s essentially how I feel about life - full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it\'s all 
over much too quickly.',
            'Author': 'Woody Allen,  Annie Hall: Screenplay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23066,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I came here looking for a Great Perhaps, for real friends and a more-than-minor life..',
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I offer you a glass of water, and bring back a cup of ice, I’m trying to teach you patience. And 
also that sometimes you get ice with no water, and later you’ll get water with no ice. Ah, but that’s life, no?',
            'Author': "Jarod Kintz,  Ah, but that's life, no?"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when 
there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day
when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)",
            'Author': 'George R.R. Martin,  A Game of Thrones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, 
I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.',
            'Author': 'C.J. Redwine,  Defiance'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23084,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one 
directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have
this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23105,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Embryonic stem cell research will prolong life, improve life and give hope for life to millions of 
people.',
            'Author': 'Jim Ramstad'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23107,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too sweet and too short to express our affection with just our thumbs. Touch is meant for 
more than a keyboard.',
            'Author': 'Kristin Armstrong'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life would be unbearably dull if we had answers to all our questions.',
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  Death Masks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves 
we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The real question of life after death isn't whether or not it exists, but even if it does what 
problem this really solves.",
            'Author': 'Ludwig Wittgenstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.',
            'Author': 'Daniel Keyes,  Flowers for Algernon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout; the boxing bell rings and you go to 
your corner, where somebody dabs mercy on your beat-up life.',
            'Author': 'Sue Monk Kidd,  The Secret Life of Bees:'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23151,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Nothing in life is worth,turning your back on,if you love it.', 'Author': 'Albert Camus'}
    },
    {
        'id': 23168,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is the best night of my life,"Raffy says, crying."Raffy, half our House has burnt down,"I say 
wearily. "We don\'t have a kitchen.""Why do you always have to be so pessimistic?"she asks. "We can double up in our rooms 
and have a barbecue every night like the Cadets."Silently I vow to keep Raffy around for the rest of my life.',
            'Author': 'Melina Marchetta,  On the Jellicoe Road'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Not enough,"he said, letting her hair slip through his fingers. "If I kiss you all day, everyday, for
the rest of my life, it won\'t be enough.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Lost Souls'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. 
The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of 
life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.',
            'Author': 'William Arthur Ward'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23236,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are measuring life, you are not living it.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Time Keeper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23250,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people 
want it to be.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Veronika Decides to Die'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fear is a very explosive emotion, but it has a short life span. It's the sprint. The marathon is 
hope.",
            'Author': 'Mike Huckabee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23270,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've had some amazing people in my life. Look at my father - he came from a small fishing village of 
five hundred people and at six foot four with giant ears and a kind of very odd expression, thought he could be a movie 
star. So go figure, you know?",
            'Author': 'Kiefer Sutherland'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23274,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled "This could change your life.',
            'Author': 'Helen Exley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The love of my life has made me the happiest man ever. This ever-smiling man/mannequin is so happy 
because he’s got no brain, and in this way is identical to anyone who still rah-rahs for either a Republican or a 
Democrat.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23309,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The good, the bad, and the ugly basically sums up my sex life. Except that I’ve never had the good.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This is the story my great-grandfather told my father, who then told my grandfather, 
who then told me about how The Mythical Mr. Boo, Charles Manseur Fizzlebush Grissham III, better known as Mr. Fizzlebush, 
and Orafoura are all in fact me...'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23314,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'During my darkest hour, life threw me some curves. Thankfully they were in the shape of a woman’s 
body.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is one friend in the life of each of us who seems not a separate person, however dear and 
beloved, but an expansion, an interpretation, of one's self, the very meaning of one's soul.",
            'Author': 'Edith Wharton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.',
            'Author': 'Orson Scott Card,  Shadow of the Giant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23331,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Book of Life, I’m still writing it—both literally and literarily. So far I’ve written the Table 
of Contents. Right now it’s more of a coffee table.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23335,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When it was over, she gathered him in her arms. And told him the terrible irony of her life.That she 
had wanted to be dead all those years while her brother had been alive. That had been her sin.And this was her 
penance.Wanting to live when everyone else seemed dead.',
            'Author': 'Melina Marchetta,  On the Jellicoe Road'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23362,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life isn't worth living, unless it is lived for someone else.", 'Author': 'Albert Einstein'}
    },
    {
        'id': 23377,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's greatest tragedy is not that it will someday end, but that most only live to follow directions
and sometimes we end up totally lost.",
            'Author': 'Alex Gaskarth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and 
covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light
to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is 
destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23391,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All my failures as a human being I blame on my father. Life is about accepting responsibility, and 
it’s time my father started being held accountable for my deficiencies.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes it's better to stop trying to make sense of things. Life isn't clear cut, there are always 
gray areas.",
            'Author': 'Alexandra Adornetto,  Halo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23394,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse',
            'Author': 'Joseph Brodsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.",
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson,  The Authoritative Calvin And Hobbes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself. Because no 
matter what happens, you will always be with yourself.',
            'Author': 'Diane Von Furstenberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the 
opportunity to put it right.",
            'Author': 'Ann Brashares,  Girls In Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23435,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If 
someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life 
with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of 
them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23456,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't promise not to make you mad. I can't promise that I won't hurt you. All I can promise is that
I want you in my life, and I'll do anything to keep you there.",
            'Author': 'Chelsea M. Cameron,  My Favorite Mistake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23476,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.',
            'Author': 'Napoléon Bonaparte'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23483,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your 
life.',
            'Author': 'H. Jackson Brown, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have one desire now - to live a life of reckless abandon for the Lord, putting all my energy and 
strength into it.',
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Elliot,  Through Gates of Splendor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23539,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the main reasons that we lose our enthusiasm in life is because we become ungrateful..we let 
what was once a miracle become common to us. We get so accustomed to his goodness it becomes a routine..',
            'Author': 'Joel Osteen,  Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23545,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open 
for you.',
            'Author': 'Wiz Khalifa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Right then, I wanted to go back in time and relive every moment with him. One more secret smile, one 
more shared laugh. One more electric kiss. Finding him was like finding someone I didn't know I was searching for. He’d 
come into my life too late, and now was leaving too soon. I remembered him telling me he’d give up everything for me. He 
already had.",
            'Author': 'Becca Fitzpatrick,  Hush, Hush'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23552,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. All these aspirations are directed 
toward ennobling man\'s life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards 
freedom."[Moral Decay (first published 1937)]',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein,  Out of My Later Years: The Scientist, Philosopher, and Man Portrayed Through His 
Own Words'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more 
in your relationship that you breathe life into it.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23591,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.",
            'Author': 'Alice Bag,  Violence Girl: East L.A. Rage to Hollywood Stage, a Chicana Punk Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My own inclination is to skew towards humor. They say that some people view life as a comedy, others 
as a tragedy. Me? Comedy all the way.',
            'Author': 'Lauren Willig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23634,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's your life-but only if you make it so.",
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt,  You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23679,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before I go,"he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?"It was remembered afterwards that when he bent 
down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words. The child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, 
and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, "A life you love.',
            'Author': 'Charles Dickens,  A Tale of Two Cities'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He’s right-handed, so I told him to draw his self-portrait with his left hand, because it’d look so 
ugly it’d look realistic. Since he’s a DC politician, I figured a little reality was needed in his life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23717,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She would\'ve been a good woman,"said The Misfit, "if it had been somebody there to shoot her every 
minute of her life.',
            'Author': "Flannery O'Connor,  A Good Man is Hard to Find and Other Stories"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23719,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.',
            'Author': 'Jacqueline Kelly,  The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23734,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a 
drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality of happiness, and by 
no means a necessity of life.',
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw,  Androcles and the Lion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I asked you here tonight because when you realise you want to spend the rest of your life with 
somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.',
            'Author': 'Graeme Simsion,  The Rosie Project'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23776,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just when you thought you’d considered all the angles, life goes from a square to a cube. Love should
also be 3D.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You had to be willing to fight in order for a love story to last a life time.',
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero,  The Unsung Love Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save 
your life?',
            'Author': 'Lynette Mather'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the 
reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.',
            'Author': 'Dwight D. Eisenhower'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is as true in everyday life as it is in battle: we are given one life and the decision is ours 
whether to wait for circumstances to make up our mind, or whether to act, and in acting, to live.',
            'Author': 'Omar N. Bradley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to 
defeat.',
            'Author': 'Anaïs Nin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23850,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. The stubborn retention of it, even 
in the face of extreme physical hardship, can hold a man's soul in his body long past the point at which the body should 
have surrendered it.",
            'Author': 'Laura Hillenbrand,  Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23851,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life’s greatest gift is the freedom it leaves you to step out of it whenever you choose.',
            'Author': 'André Breton,  Anthology of Black Humor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23855,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.",
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Married By Morning'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.",
            'Author': 'Marjorie Pay Hinckley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t 
work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait
more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off 
your life makes you less capable of living it.',
            'Author': 'Ann Brashares,  Sisterhood Everlasting'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23892,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Ashes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life needs a little space. It leaves room for good things to enter it.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Addison Allen,  The Peach Keeper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pulvis et umbra sumus. It\'s a line from Horace. \'We are dust and shadows\'. Appropriate, don\'t you
think?"Will said. "It\'s not a long life, killing demons; one tends to die young, and then they burn your body - dust to 
dust, in the literal sense. And then we vanish into the shadows of history, nary a mark on the page of a mundane book to 
remind the world that once we existed at all.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  Clockwork Angel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23942,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier 
for the trouble.",
            'Author': 'Bill Watterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23963,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is too short to read books that I'm not enjoying.", 'Author': 'Melissa Marr'}
    },
    {
        'id': 23969,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for 
it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to 
know me and see who I am.",
            'Author': 'Kim Kardashian'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23973,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I arose like a rose, and this is how I knew I was in love. In the garden of life, I’m better off in 
your neighbor’s yard.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  The Mill on the Floss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23987,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour 
upon the stage and is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.",
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Macbeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 23999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and 
generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.",
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The last 33 years of my life have been a blur, like a hummingbird’s beating wings. Time flies, but 
not backwards, like a hummingbird can.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Perhaps all romance is like that; not a contract between equal parties but an explosion of dreams and
desires that can find no outlet in everyday life. Only a drama will do and while the fireworks last the sky is a different 
colour.',
            'Author': 'Jeanette Winterson,  The Passion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24041,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One can be very much in love with a woman without wishing to spend the rest of one's life with her.",
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  The Painted Veil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life goal: Swim in a lake full of soup, and instead of bathing suits we’ll wear Ziploc bags while we 
make love like we’re feeding the homeless.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit 
with every available weapon against the flesh.',
            'Author': 'Dietrich Bonhoeffer,  The Cost of Discipleship'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24091,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is always what I have already said: always the wish that you may find patience enough in yourself 
to endure, and simplicity enough to believe; that you may acquire more and more confidence in that which is difficult, and 
in your solitude among others. And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me: life is right, in any case.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component. ...But success also 
includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and 
psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24097,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.', 'Author': 'Junipero Serra'}
    },
    {
        'id': 24101,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up.', 'Author': 'Nas'}
    },
    {
        'id': 24114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not that I can't live without you; it's that I don't want to. There's a difference. We all make 
choices in life and I choose you.My heart belongs to you. And I'm not asking for it back, even if you won't want it 
anymore. I'm just asking for a chance to have your again. I promise I'll be more careful with it this time.",
            'Author': 'J. Sterling,  The Perfect Game'
        }
    },
    {'id': 24133, 'record': {'Quote': 'Sometimes life happens.', 'Author': 'Katie McGarry,  Pushing the Limits'}},
    {
        'id': 24150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What strange phenomena we find in a great city, all we need do is stroll about with our eyes open. 
Life swarms with innocent monsters.',
            'Author': 'Charles Baudelaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24174,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The times you lived through, the people you shared those times with — nothing brings it all to life 
like an old mix tape. It does a better job of storing up memories than actual brain tissue can do. Every mix tape tells a 
story. Put them together, and they can add up to the story of a life.',
            'Author': 'Rob Sheffield,  Love Is a Mix Tape'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24189,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, 
you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it.',
            'Author': 'E.A. Bucchianeri,  Brushstrokes of a Gadfly'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, 
pain or past.',
            'Author': 'Lois Lowry,  The Giver'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24193,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who needs a large vocabulary when you can just make up any word at any time? It makes life a whole 
lot more emeaglibop.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  How to construct a coffin with six karate chops'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24218,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The world is so exquisite with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive 
ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is 
to look death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.",
            'Author': 'Carl Sagan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's no limit to what you can dream. You expect the unexpected, you believe in magic, in fairy 
tales, and in possibilities. Then you grow older and that innocence is shattered and somewhere along the way the reality of
life gets in the way and you're hit by the realization that you can't be all you wanted to be, you just might have to 
settle for a little bit less.",
            'Author': 'Cecelia Ahern'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24236,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ve never been the one. Not for anybody.”He closed the distance between them. “You’ll get used to 
it.” He tipped her face up to his, kissed her.“Why? Why am I the one?”“Because my life opened up, and it flooded with color
when you walked back into it.',
            'Author': 'Nora Roberts,  Vision in White'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24239,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is full of luck, like getting dealt a good hand, or simply by being in the right place at the 
right time. Some people get luck handed to them, a second chance, a save. It can happen heroically, or by a simple 
coincidence , but there are those who don’t get luck on a shiny platter, who end up in the wrong place at the wrong time, 
who don’t get saved.',
            'Author': 'Jessica Sorensen,  The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24257,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My nephew has type 1 diabetes, and it's my goal and hope that in his lifetime there will be a cure 
for diabetes. There's no place better to give the money to than the Juvenile Diabetes Association.",
            'Author': 'Abby Wambach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, 
sermons in stones, and good in everything.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t 
distinguish what should be respected in them.',
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald,  Tender is the Night & The Last Tycoon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24274,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop
being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to 
shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant
for a mundane or mediocre life!",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Finding one important thing in your life doesn’t mean you have togive up all the other important 
things.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Brida'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24308,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "After you're gone, people will forget your name, no matter how important it was, and your face, no 
matter how pretty it was, and what you said, no matter how clever any of it sounded.The things you've done will crumble and
fade and the places you once loved, will change and be given new names.You are only here for one moment and it lasts 
exactly one lifetime.",
            'Author': 'pleasefindthis,  I Wrote This For You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24319,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I drink coffee like steam is the ghost of dead water. Ever tried inhaling the afterlife?',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24328,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are five people you meet in heaven. Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have 
known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on earth. This is the greatest 
gift God can give you: to understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been 
searching for.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24342,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would request that my body in death be buried not cremated, so that the energy content contained 
within it gets returned to the earth, so that flora and fauna can dine upon it, just as I have dined upon flora and fauna 
during my lifetime',
            'Author': 'Neil deGrasse Tyson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One day I would have all the books in the world, shelves and shelves of them. I would live my life in
a tower of books. I would read all day long and eat peaches. And if any young knights in armor dared to come calling on 
their white chargers and plead with me to let down my hair, I would pelt them with peach pits until they went home.',
            'Author': 'Jacqueline Kelly,  The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24356,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life... is like a grapefruit. Well, it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and 
squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half a one for breakfast.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Adams,  So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24360,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Instead of sidewalks, why not sideruns? After all, the pace of life is faster than it has ever been, 
so I think our infrastructure’s nomenclature should reflect that.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24393,
        'record': {'Quote': "There is love of course. And then there's life, its enemy.", 'Author': 'Jean Anouilh'}
    },
    {
        'id': 24397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What if life could be this way? Only the happy parts, none of the terrible, not even the mildly 
unpleasant. What if we could just cut out the bad and keep the good? This is what I want to do with Violet - give her only 
the good, keep away the bad, so that good is all we ever have around us.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Niven,  All the Bright Places'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24404,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a drama full of tragedy and comedy. You should learn to enjoy the comic episodes a little 
more.',
            'Author': 'Jeannette Walls,  The Glass Castle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to 
defeat.',
            'Author': 'Anais Nin'
        }
    },
    {'id': 24434, 'record': {'Quote': 'Potential has a shelf life.', 'Author': "Margaret Atwood,  Cat's Eye"}},
    {
        'id': 24448,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world's work, and the power to 
appreciate life.",
            'Author': 'Brigham Young'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24452,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's the problem with life. You never get enough time to stare at your ceiling and try to figure 
out what's going on.",
            'Author': 'Leila Sales,  This Song Will Save Your Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24454,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.',
            'Author': 'Tehyi Hsieh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24479,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Nobody in my life has ever known me the way you do. Nobody in my life has ever made me feel as good 
as you do. You know me, you know everything about me, and when you leave me, you're going to be leaving the real me, the me
nobody else has ever seen, that's who you're going to be rejecting.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Crusie,  Bet Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24489,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will 
only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even 
more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul 
complete and that thing is love.",
            'Author': 'Bernhard Schlink,  The Reader'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24500,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
You can’t change the past, but the future isn’t set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred 
or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)',
            'Author': 'Sherrilyn Kenyon,  Dream Chaser'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24511,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wish we could sometimes love the characters in real life as we love the characters in romances. 
There are a great many human souls whom we should accept more kindly, and even appreciate more clearly, if we simply 
thought of them as people in a story.',
            'Author': 'G.K. Chesterton,  What I Saw in America'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of 
the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, 
is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  Middlemarch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or 
is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest — whether or not the world 
has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories — comes afterwards. These are games; one must first 
answer.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24559,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is important to feel the anger without judging it, without attempting to find meaning in it. It 
may take many forms: anger at the health-care system, at life, at your loved one for leaving. Life is unfair. Death is 
unfair. Anger is a natural reaction to the unfairness of loss.',
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Kubler-Ross'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things-if love can ever be called that.',
            'Author': 'Leigh Bardugo,  Ruin and Rising'
        }
    },
    {'id': 24575, 'record': {'Quote': "No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope", 'Author': 'Zayn Malik'}},
    {
        'id': 24592,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Kenji snorts.“That’s because you’re not fragile,” Kenji says. “If anything, everyone needs to protect
themselves from you. You’re like a freaking beast,” he says. Then adds, “I mean, you know—like, a cute beast. A little 
beast that tears shit up and breaks the earth and sucks the life out of people.',
            'Author': 'Tahereh Mafi,  Ignite Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Droll thing life is -- that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most 
you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself -- that comes too late -- a crop of inextinguishable regrets.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Conrad,  Heart of Darkness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24617,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A first child is your own best foot forward, and how you do cheer those little feet as they strike 
out. You examine every turn of flesh for precocity, and crow it to the world. But the last one: the baby who trails her 
scent like a flag of surrender through your life when there will be no more coming after--oh, that' s love by a different 
name.",
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God is love,"she said. "And he respects love, whether it\'s between a parents, and child, a man and 
woman, or friends. I don\'t think he cares about religion one little bit. Live your life right. Love with all your heart. 
Don\'t hurt others, and help those in need. That is all you need to know. And don\'t worry about heaven. If it exists, 
you\'ll be welcome.',
            'Author': 'Ellen Hopkins,  Burned'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24624,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's what I love about Aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up 
so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket.",
            'Author': 'Kathryn Stockett,  The Help'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's more to life than love.",
            'Author': 'Ramon Bautista,  Bakit Hindi Ka Crush ng Crush Mo?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24748,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down 
the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to 
depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.",
            'Author': "Brené Brown,  The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace 
Who You Are"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you, and that you will work with 
these stories... water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into 
bloom.',
            'Author': 'Clarissa Pinkola Estés,  Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman 
Archetype'
        }
    },
    {'id': 24789, 'record': {'Quote': 'A kiss may ruin a human life', 'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'}},
    {
        'id': 24811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmareto the jeweled 
vision of a life started anew.',
            'Author': 'Aberjhani,  Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24822,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People are always complaining that life's not fair, but that simply isn't true. Life is 
extraordinarily fair. It's just not centered on you.",
            'Author': 'Lynn Marie Sager,  A River Worth Riding'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you 
are",
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Son of Neptune'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Single is no longer a lack of options – but a choice. A choice to refuse to let your life be defined 
by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24926,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  Atlas Shrugged'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24954,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24971,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to 
be; in war we find out who we are.',
            'Author': 'Kristin Hannah,  The Nightingale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 24978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Spike (to Giles) : Oh, poor Watcher. Did your life pass before your eyes — 'Cuppa tea, cuppa tea... 
almost got shagged... cuppa tea'?",
            'Author': 'Marti Noxon, Buffy the Vampire Slayer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you live gladly to make others glad in God, your life will be hard, your risks will be high, and 
your joy will be full.',
            'Author': "John Piper,  Don't Waste Your Life Study Guide"
        }
    },
    {'id': 25024, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a series of waves to be embraced and overcome.', 'Author': 'Danny Meyer'}},
    {
        'id': 25027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is about having an attitude of gratitude. And grabitude. Seriously, you’ve got to take stuff. 
What, do you think someone’s just going to hand you what you want?',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25047,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is unstoppable. One must face it as a fact of life',
            'Author': 'D. Aswini,  Saffron - The Blood Swan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25054,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Writing is magic, as much the water of life as any other creative art. The water is free. So drink. 
Drink and be filled up.',
            'Author': 'Stephen King'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. 
Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and
think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the 
formation of the first link on one memorable day.',
            'Author': 'Charles Dickens,  Great Expectations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25064,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I really don't even know you, and yet, in my life, you are forever entangled; to my history, 
inextricably bound.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Ockler,  Twenty Boy Summer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Desire makes life happen. Makes it matter. Makes everything worth it. Desire is life. Hunger to see 
the next sunrise or sunset, to touch the one you love, to try again. “Hell would be waking up and wanting nothing,” he 
agrees.',
            'Author': 'Karen Marie Moning,  Shadowfever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'd run my whole life long to reach you; paddle my way across Atlantic and Pacific; traverse Jungle 
and Desert to find you; climb cliffs and drop from the sky to rescue you. Anything to be close to you. Any way to say I 
love you.",
            'Author': 'Heather Kris Thomas,  A Place for You and Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25100,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. 
If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.',
            'Author': 'Junot Díaz,  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25118,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real 
happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone 
realize the blessings of fair weather.',
            'Author': 'Alexandre Dumas,  The Count of Monte Cristo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'YOU FEAR TO DIE?"It\'s not that I don\'t want... I mean, I\'ve always...it\'s just that life is a 
habit that\'s hard to break...',
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Reaper Man'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25123,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Right now, I had everything I could ask for. It wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one,
starting with the love of my life back in my arms.",
            'Author': 'Becca Fitzpatrick,  Silence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you want to steal my heart, you must realize it's not a one-time heist. This theft will take every
minute of the rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t mind waiting rooms. I’m waiting on the love of my life, so I may as well have a seat, 
right?',
            'Author': "Jarod Kintz,  Whenever You're Gone, I'm Here For You"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25168,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'
        }
    },
    {'id': 25169, 'record': {'Quote': 'If you are good life is good.', 'Author': 'Roald Dahl,  Matilda'}},
    {
        'id': 25184,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No sense of the irony of human experience, that we are the highest form of life on earth, and yet 
ineffably sad because we know what no other animal knows, that we must die.',
            'Author': 'Don DeLillo,  White Noise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She had studied the universe all her life, but had overlooked its clearest message: For small 
creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sagan,  Contact'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My aim in life isn't so much the pursuit of happiness as the happiness of pursuit.",
            'Author': 'Charles Saatchi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word 
as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer,
from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.',
            'Author': 'Audrey Hepburn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25204,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: 
holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the 
color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains... If only one could leave this life slowly!',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne,  Hope and Despair'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25218,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She was the kind of girlfriend God gives you young, so you'll know loss the rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'Junot Díaz,  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He stood at the window of the empty cafe and watched the activites in the square and he said that it 
was good that God kept the truths of life from the young as they were starting out or else they'd have no heart to start at
all.",
            'Author': 'Cormac McCarthy,  All the Pretty Horses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't need anything to get high. I'm high on life.",
            'Author': 'Melissa de la Cruz,  Blue Bloods'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A poet is a man who manages, in a lifetime of standing out in thunderstorms, to be struck by 
lightning five or six times.',
            'Author': 'Randall Jarrell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not, under any circumstances, belittle a work of fiction by trying to turn it into a carbon copy 
of real life; what we search for in fiction is not so much reality but the epiphany of truth.',
            'Author': 'Azar Nafisi,  Reading Lolita in Tehran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought
it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a 
“politician,” and must be destroyed.',
            'Author': 'Dark Jar Tin Zoo,  I Had a Dream About You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25308,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To regret one’s own experiences is to arrest one’s own development. To deny one’s own experiences is 
to put a lie into the lips of one’s own life. It is no less than a denial of the soul.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  De Profundis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I just got one last thing, I urge all of you, all of you, to enjoy your life, the precious moments 
you have. To spend each day with some laughter and some thought, to get you're emotions going.",
            'Author': 'Jim Valvano'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25360,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? 
Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Clare, I want to tell you, again, I love you. Our love has been the thread through the labyrinth, the
net under the high-wire walker, the only real thing in this strange life of mine that I could ever trust. Tonight I feel 
that my love for you has more density in this world than I do, myself: as though it could linger on after me and surround 
you, keep you, hold you.',
            'Author': 'Audrey Niffenegger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25414,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I wonder if I'll ever have to decide which is worse, life as we're living or no life at all.",
            'Author': 'Susan Beth Pfeffer,  Life As We Knew It'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25419,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.",
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {'id': 25420, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is more fun if you play games.', 'Author': 'Roald Dahl,  My Uncle Oswald'}},
    {
        'id': 25429,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as 
they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going 
to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.',
            'Author': 'J.R. Ward,  Crave'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25434,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think of how each person in a marriage owes it to the other to find individual happiness, even in a
shared life. That this is the only way to grow together, instead of apart.',
            'Author': 'Emily Giffin,  Heart of the Matter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Find a woman who makes you feel more alive. She won't make life perfect but she'll make it infinitely
more interesting. And then love her with all that's in you.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Roper,  Shadows on the Sand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He couldn’t see why people made such a fuss about people eating their silly old fruit anyway, but 
life would be a lot less fun if they didn’t. And there was never an apple, in Adam’s opinion, that wasn’t worth the trouble
you got into for eating it.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25501,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Honor from death,” I snap, “is a myth. Invented by the war torn to make sense of the horrific. If we 
die, it will be so that others may live. Truly honorable death, the only honorable death, is one that enables life.',
            'Author': 'Rae Carson,  The Girl of Fire and Thorns'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25502,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't fair. A fair's a place where you eat corn dogs and ride the ferris wheel.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Brown,  Hate List'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is...knowing your purpose in life,growing to reach your maximum potential, andsowing seeds 
that benefit others.',
            'Author': 'John C. Maxwell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into 
action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.',
            'Author': 'Martha Graham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. 
But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?",
            'Author': 'Anthony Doerr,  All the Light We Cannot See'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.',
            'Author': 'Walter Bagehot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25536,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have 
stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never 
despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.',
            'Author': 'Mark Helprin,  A Soldier of the Great War'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25589,
        'record': {'Quote': 'There is nothing perfect...only life.', 'Author': 'Sue Monk Kidd,  The Secret Life of Bees'}
    },
    {
        'id': 25622,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have fallen in love with you, and there is no future for us. That you burst into my life suddenly 
only a short time ago. That it's too fast, too soon, and you will leave the same way you came into my life. I'll turn 
around one day and you'll be gone.",
            'Author': 'Rachel Gibson,  Lola Carlyle Reveals All'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25642,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In a universe of ambiguity, this kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how 
many lifetimes you live.',
            'Author': 'Robert James Waller,  The Bridges of Madison County'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25657,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people.
I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is 
an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.[Washington Post
interview, 19 February 2001]",
            'Author': 'Philip Pullman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You attend the funeral, you bid the dead farewell. You grieve. Then you continue with your life. And 
at times the fact of her absence will hit you like a blow to the chest, and you will weep. But this will happen less and 
less as time goes on. She is dead. You are alive. So live.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 6: Fables and Reflections'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25674,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with 
gratitude.',
            'Author': 'Gilbert K. Chesterton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25675,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You've got a movie where the pro-choice family gives their daughter no choice. The pro-life family 
murders. What seems to be the good mother, the kind of hippie painter, sweet and cute mother has no love for her daughter 
really.",
            'Author': 'Ellen Barkin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All equestrians, if they last long enough, learn that riding in whatever form is a lifelong sport and
art, an endeavor that is both familiar and new every time you take the horse out of his stall or pasture.',
            'Author': 'Jane Smiley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life has but one true charm: the charm of the game. But what if we’re indifferent to whether we win 
or lose?',
            'Author': 'Charles Baudelaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25755,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate
our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we
took the time to share what we had to give.',
            'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I read the way a person might swim, to save his or her life. I wrote that way too.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  Wild Geese'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25780,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My heart is locked away in a cage surrounded by ribs. That’s to protect it, and to keep the world 
safe. It’s currently serving a life sentence.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am lost without you. I am soulless, a drifter without a home, a solitary bird in a flight to 
nowhere. I am all these things, and I am nothing at all. This, my darling, is my life without you. I long for you to show 
me how to live again.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Message in a Bottle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25790,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I should feel the air move against me, and feel the things I touched, instead of having only to look 
at them. I'm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visual - we can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we
can only see. I'm sure that is entirely wrong.",
            'Author': 'D.H. Lawrence,  Women in Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25805,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.', 'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'}
    },
    {
        'id': 25818,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '\u200e"Do you know that nothing you do in this life will ever matter, unless it is about loving God 
and loving the people he has made?',
            'Author': 'Francis Chan,  Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I just try to write what I think would really happen, and with grief and tragedy, there are these 
naturally occurring moments of levity and humor and absurdity. I think that's what life is really like. Sadness gets 
interrupted, and happiness gets interrupted.",
            'Author': 'Kaui Hart Hemmings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My life-my whole life- take it, and do with it what you will. I love you-love you as I have never 
loved any living thing. From the moment I met you I loved you, loved you blindly, adoringly,madly!You didn't know it 
then-you know it now.",
            'Author': "Oscar Wilde,  Lady Windermere's Fan"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25863,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Aleph'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being brave enough to be alone frees you up to invite people into your life because you want them and
not because you need them.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For books are more than books, they are the life, the very heart and core of ages past, the reason 
why men worked and died, the essence and quintessence of their lives.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25888,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so lightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all 
four corners.",
            'Author': "Virginia Woolf,  A Room of One's Own"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25892,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life is but a firefly’s flicker, so I’d better use my brief moment to light up the darkness that 
covers her path.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25911,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn't feel you missing from my life. You haunted me 
to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. I couldn't escape you and I didn't want
to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.",
            'Author': 'Becca Fitzpatrick,  Silence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25922,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is 
purpose and worth to each and every life.',
            'Author': 'Ronald Reagan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25966,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.',
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25968,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To alcohol! The cause of... and solution to... all of life's problems",
            'Author': 'Matt Groening'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only way a woman can ever reform a man is by boring him so completely that he loses all possible 
interest in life.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We'd spent maybe ten minutes together, during which time I'd accidentally swung a sword at her, she'd
saved my life, and I'd run away chased by a band of supernatural killing machines. You know, your typical chance meeting.",
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Battle of the Labyrinth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 25997,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you
become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {'id': 26006, 'record': {'Quote': 'I have a great family, I live an amazing life.', 'Author': 'John Oates'}},
    {
        'id': 26010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt 
and destroyed.',
            'Author': 'Michael Jackson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26030,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you 
up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me 
climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.',
            'Author': 'Katie Kacvinsky,  Awaken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.',
            'Author': 'David Hume,  Essays on Suicide and the Immortality of the Soul'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is grace. Sleep is forgiveness. The night absolves. Darkness wipes the slate clean, not spotless
to be sure, but clean enough for another day's chalking.",
            'Author': 'Frederick Buechner,  The Alphabet of Grace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26095,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.',
            'Author': 'Reba McEntire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a 
politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate"you don\'t want people to 
think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite,"because, who cares about polite?',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26122,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My mother told me that life isn't always about pleasing yourself and that sometimes you have to do 
things for the sole benefit of another human being. I completely agreed with her, but reminded her that that was what blow 
jobs were for.",
            'Author': 'Chelsea Handler,  My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine 
it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it.',
            'Author': 'Richard Bach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26133,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't let your luggage define your travels, each life unravels differently.",
            'Author': 'Shane Koyczan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.',
            'Author': 'Rebecca Wells,  Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26155,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that 
deed must be done instead of prayer said.An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants 
disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.',
            'Author': "Madalyn Murray O'Hair"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26164,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.",
            'Author': 'Robert Blair'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Giving up is conceding that things will never get better, and that is just not true. Ups and downs 
are a constant in life, and I've been belted into that roller coaster a thousand times.",
            'Author': 'Aimee Mullins'
        }
    },
    {'id': 26173, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.', 'Author': 'D.H. Lawrence'}},
    {
        'id': 26197,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes I think my whole life has been about holding on to you.',
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Vanishing Acts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26245,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the 
activities of one form of that life. But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is 
rather to life itself.',
            'Author': 'Rachel Carson,  The Sea Around Us'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26247,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let me just pause a minute and drink in this moment. And if you film it, I’ll be able to get free 
refills for life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26257,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power,"Tuek said. "You might find 
the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.',
            'Author': 'Frank Herbert,  Dune'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26274,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Another glorious Sierra day in which one seems to be dissolved and absorbed and sent pulsing onward 
we know not where. Life seems neither long nor short, and we take no more heed to save time or make haste than do the trees
and stars. This is true freedom, a good practical sort of immortality.',
            'Author': 'John Muir,  My First Summer in the Sierra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26275,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Celebrate the people in your life who are there because they love you for no other reason than 
because you are YOU.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26311,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'VE LEARNED THAT YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO THINK ABOUT YOU.THE BEST YOU CAN 
DO IN LIFE IS NOT PISS YOURSELFOFF.",
            'Author': 'Megan McCafferty,  Second Helpings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26320,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am simply of the opinion that you cannot be taught to write. You have to spend a lifetime in love 
with words.',
            'Author': 'Craig Claiborne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26321,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The philosophy of Atheism represents a concept of life without any metaphysical Beyond or Divine 
Regulator. It is the concept of an actual, real world with its liberating, expanding and beautifying possibilities, as 
against an unreal world, which, with its spirits, oracles, and mean contentment has kept humanity in helpless 
degradation.',
            'Author': 'Emma Goldman,  Anarchism and Other Essays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life doesn't make any sense without interdependence. We need each other, and the sooner we learn 
that, the better for us all.",
            'Author': 'Erik Erikson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You know, life fractures us all into little pieces. It harms us, but it's how we glue those fractures
back together that make us stronger.",
            'Author': 'Carrie Jones,  Entice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26375,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life,
and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26388,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.', 'Author': 'Tom Hiddleston'}
    },
    {
        'id': 26423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My life has been one great big joke,A dance that's walked,A song that's spoke,I laugh so hard I 
almost choke,When I think about myself.",
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26447,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We seemed to be trapped in an episode of One Life To Waste. It's all very dull.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What would happen if one woman told the truth about her life?The world would split open.',
            'Author': 'Muriel Rukeyser'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26509,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s not contagious, you know. Death is as natural as life. It’s part of the deal we made.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26529,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For some students, especially in the sciences, the knowledge gained in college may be directly 
relevant to graduate study. For almost all students, a liberal arts education works in subtle ways to create a web of 
knowledge that will illumine problems and enlighten judgment on innumerable occasions in later life.',
            'Author': 'Derek Bok'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Some men have actually died from laughing. That's so funny I fear for my own life.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26575,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a game of chess.To win you have to make a move.Knowing which move to make comes with 
IN-SIGHTand knowledge, and by learning the lessons that areacculated along the way.We become each and every piece within 
the game called life!',
            'Author': "Allan Rufus,  The Master's Sacred Knowledge"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The French have a new president, the British will soon have a new P.M., and we envy them as we endure
the endless wait for this small dim man to go back to Texas and resume his life.',
            'Author': 'Garrison Keillor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26599,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Share your weaknesses. Share your hard moments. Share your real side. It\'ll either scare away every 
fake person in your life or it will inspire them to finally let go of that mirage called "perfection,"which will open the 
doors to the most important relationships you\'ll ever be a part of.',
            'Author': 'Dan Pearce,  Single Dad Laughing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26637,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that what we get out of life is what we've set ourselves up to get, so there's no such 
thing as an inconsequential decision. Our destinies are the culmination of all the choices we've made along the way, which 
is why it's imperative to listen hard to your inner voice when it speaks up. Don't let anyone else's noise drown it out.",
            'Author': 'Megan McCafferty,  Second Helpings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26722,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a
lifetime that it becomes a miracle.",
            'Author': 'Amy Bloom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't read Gatsby, I said, to learn whether adultery is good or bad but to learn about how 
complicated issues such as adultery and fidelity and marriage are. A great novel heightens your senses and sensitivity to 
the complexities of life and of individuals, and prevents you from the self-righteousness that sees morality in fixed 
formulas about good and evil.",
            'Author': 'Azar Nafisi,  Reading Lolita in Tehran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But fate, as Merlin always taught us, is inexorable. Life is a jest of the Gods, Merlin liked to 
claim, and there is no justice. You must learn to laugh, he once told me, or else you'll just weep yourself to death.",
            'Author': 'Bernard Cornwell,  The Winter King'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever 
loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time... But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one 
every night... 'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 4: Season of Mists'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26800,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her; they were a 
history, cut into his body: the map of a life of endless war.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself... 
You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not
even in your dreams.",
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26828,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Poetry puts starch in your backbone so you can stand, so you can compose your life.',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you sell a man a book you don't sell just twelve ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him
a whole new life. Love and friendship and humour and ships at sea by night - there's all heaven and earth in a book, a real
book.",
            'Author': 'Christopher Morley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26835,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.',
            'Author': 'John Ruskin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more aware of your intentions and your experiences you become, the more you will be able to 
connect the two, and the more you will be able to create the experiences of your life consciously. This is the development 
of mastery. It is the creation of authentic power.',
            'Author': 'Gary Zukav'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26844,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new 
opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for 
positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26863,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots. I believe that this life 
is not all; neither the beginning nor the end. I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Villette'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26895,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That I shall love always, I argue theethat love is life,and life hath immortality',
            'Author': 'Emily Dickinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our love, that’s real. Our currency, the dollar, that’s imaginary. Invest in us, and I promise you 
that you won’t lose your life’s savings.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26909,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose 
ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26911,
        'record': {'Quote': 'It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be...', 'Author': 'Bob Dylan'}
    },
    {
        'id': 26948,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything I’ve ever done, ever thought, ever experienced, and ever felt, has led me up to this 
moment in my life. And after accumulating and culminating it, all I can say is, “Ahhhhh!',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Great Listener Seeks Mute Women'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26976,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Isn't it strange that I know you'd risk your life to save mine, but I don't even know what your 
favorite color is?",
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26980,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In 
life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.",
            'Author': 'Tom Bodett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 26983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude 
will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are 
here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.',
            'Author': 'Louise Erdrich,  The Painted Drum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of 
his chosen field of endeavor.",
            'Author': 'Vince Lombardi Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Being taken for granted can be a compliment. It means that you've become a comfortable, trusted 
element in another person's life.",
            'Author': 'Joyce Brothers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27022,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I realize that life is risks. It’s acknowledging the past but looking forward. It’s taking a chance 
that we willmake mistakes but believing that we all deserve to be forgiven.',
            'Author': 'Carrie Ryan,  The Dead-Tossed Waves'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27024,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Like madness is the glory of this life.', 'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Timon of Athens'}
    },
    {
        'id': 27028,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how 
complicated life is.',
            'Author': 'John von Neumann'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life doesn't require ideals. It requires standards of action.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Norwegian Wood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27079,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I understood that as much as I had resisted the outside, as much as I had constricted my life, as 
much as I had closed and narrowed the channels into me, there were still many takers for the quiet heart.',
            'Author': 'Steve Martin,  The Pleasure of My Company'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27090,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's a fact that men make more money than women. That's why I became a man. Best decision of my 
life.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Shame isn\'t a strong enough word for what I feel. "You could live a hundred lifetimes and not 
deserve him, you know,"Haymitch says.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27125,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. ... The life we receive is not short 
but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.',
            'Author': 'Seneca,  On the Shortness of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27166,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "How is it that, a full two centuries after Jane Austen finished her manuscript, we come to the world 
of Pride and Prejudice and find ourselves transcending customs, strictures, time, mores, to arrive at a place that 
educates, amuses, and enthralls us? It is a miracle. We read in bed because reading is halfway between life and dreaming, 
our own consciousness in someone else's mind.",
            'Author': 'Anna Quindlen,  How Reading Changed My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27173,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole
experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or 
nothing.',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller,  The Open Door'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Finding a life partner is like choosing a bed. You need one as a friend either in times of health or 
sickness. Freshness or weariness. Happiness or sadness. And we can be certain that we've picked the right one without 
having to sleep with it first.",
            'Author': 'Isman H. Suryaman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27214,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.',
            'Author': 'Robert Schumann'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27217,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not 
reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn't lived that life.",
            'Author': 'Sonia Sotomayor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27218,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the most mawkish of human delusions is the notion that friendship should be eternal, or, at 
all events, life-long, and that any act which puts a term to it is somehow discreditable.',
            'Author': 'H. L. Mencken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27219,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't think that you can let the storms of life overwhelm you. When you do that, you are no better 
than the craziness that caused you to be under attack.",
            'Author': 'T. D. Jakes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once you leave out all the bullshit they teach you in school, life gets really simple.',
            'Author': 'George Carlin,  Brain Droppings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27226,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She felt... how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, 
became curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it, there, with a dash on the 
beach.',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  To the Lighthouse'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Single” is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27232,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Demasiada cordura puede ser la peor de las locuras, ver la vida como es y no como debería de ser.Too 
much sanity may be madness. And maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.',
            'Author': 'Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27244,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As soon as you honor the present moment, all unhappiness and struggle dissolve, and life begins to 
flow with joy and ease. When you act out the present-moment awareness, whatever you do becomes imbued with a sense of 
quality, care, and love - even the most simple action.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle,  The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27271,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.', 'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Venus in Arms'}
    },
    {
        'id': 27289,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And people who don’t dream, who don’t have any kind of imaginative life, they must… they must go 
nuts. I can’t imagine that.',
            'Author': 'Stephen King'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27305,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In a brave and noble way, I want to sacrifice my life one day so that two of my clones can live.',
            'Author': "Jarod Kintz,  I Want Two apply for a job at our country's largest funeral home, and then wear a suit
and noose to the job interview."
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27315,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'll sleep forever and meet you in my dreams; it'll hurt less anyway. But the pain of losing you was 
worth the pleasure of having you, and I rest in bed knowing you'll know for the rest of your life what you are 
missing.-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz",
            'Author': 'Karen Quan,  liQUID PROse QUOtes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27350,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nobody wanted your dance,Nobody wanted your strange glitter, your flounderingDrowning life and your 
effort to save yourself,Treading water, dancing the dark turmoil,Looking for something to give.',
            'Author': 'Ted Hughes,  Birthday Letters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27362,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Thank you for life, and all the little ups and downs that make it worth living.',
            'Author': 'Travis Barker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And thus, the actions of life often not allowing any delay, it is a truth very certain that, when it 
is not in our power to determine the most true opinions we ought to follow the most probable.',
            'Author': 'René Descartes,  Discourse on Method'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sandburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’ve spent a lifetime learning to love—the lifetime of a chameleon. But hey, I’ve learned a lot in 
the last year, though you couldn’t tell because I camouflage my feelings.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But I have my life, I’m living it. It’s twisted, exhausting, uncertain, and full of guilt, but 
nonetheless, there’s something there.',
            'Author': 'Banana Yoshimoto,  The Lake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment.',
            'Author': 'David Levithan,  Boy Meets Boy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27491,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Religion is like language or dress. We gravitate toward the practices with which we were raised. In 
the end, though, we are all proclaiming the same thing. That life has meaning. That we are grateful for the power that 
created us.',
            'Author': 'Dan Brown,  Angels & Demons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life moves very fast. It rushes from Heaven to Hell in a matter of seconds.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27502,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You had to risk your life to get love. You had to get right to the edge of death to ever be saved.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Choke'
        }
    },
    {'id': 27503, 'record': {'Quote': "While there's life, there's hope.", 'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'}},
    {
        'id': 27507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that I am not responsible for the meaningfulness or meaninglessness of life, but that I am 
responsible for what I do with the life I've got.",
            'Author': 'Hermann Hesse,  Verliebt in die verrückte Welt: Betrachtungen, Gedichte, Erzählungen, Briefe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27510,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.',
            'Author': 'Emil Cioran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27522,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real life is only ever just real life. Messy. What it means depends on how you look at it. The only 
thing you’ve got to do is find a way to live there.',
            'Author': 'Patrick Ness,  More Than This'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ah me, but where are now the songs I sangWhen life was sweet because you call’d them sweet?',
            'Author': 'Christina Rossetti,  Poems of Christina Rossetti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27566,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I will make up a crush, you hear me?! I will look at a guy and say, for two months at least, 'I think
you're cute.' And then I can be psycho. I will go in my head and make a whole life with him, he don't even understand why 
I'm mad at him. I'm like... 'cause you came in late last night!' And he's like, 'I don't even know you.'",
            'Author': 'Ester Dean'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27572,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...',
            'Author': 'King James Gadsden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27580,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Individuals who want to believe that there is no fulfillment in love, that true love does not exist, 
cling to these assumptions because this despair is actually easier to face than the reality that love is a real fact of 
life but is absent from their lives.',
            'Author': 'bell hooks,  All About Love: New Visions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Plato says that the unexamined life is not worth living. But what if the examined life turns out to 
be a clunker as well?',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut,  Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A philosopher knows that in reality he knows very little. That is why he constantly strives to 
achieve true insight. Socrates was one of these rare people. He knew that he knew nothing about life and about the world. 
And now comes the important part: it troubled him that he knew so little.',
            'Author': "Jostein Gaarder,  Sophie's World"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27609,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself 
beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a 
numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.",
            'Author': 'Dean Karnazes,  Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27611,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you 
have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?",
            'Author': 'Henry James,  The Ambassadors'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The past can teach us, nurture us, but it cannot sustain us. The essence of life is change, and we 
must move ever forward or the soul will wither and die.',
            'Author': 'Susanna Kearsley,  Mariana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27633,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the 
acquisition of friends.',
            'Author': 'Epicurus,  A Guide To Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27640,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Portuguese call it saudade: a longing for something so indefinite as to be indefinable. Love 
affairs, miseries of life, the way things were, people already dead, those who left and the ocean that tossed them on the 
shores of a different land — all things born of the soul that can only be felt.',
            'Author': 'Anthony De Sa,  Barnacle Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27641,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a 
life beyond life.',
            'Author': 'John Milton,  Areopagitica'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.',
            'Author': 'Brian Cox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There\'s no benchmark for how life\'s "supposed"to happen. There is no ideal world for you to wait 
around for. The world is always just what it is now, it\'s up to you how you respond to it.',
            'Author': 'Isaac Marion,  Warm Bodies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27650,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life takes a bit of time and a lot of relationship.',
            'Author': 'Wm. Paul Young,  The Shack'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27681,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Creativity is a great motivator because it makes people interested in what they are doing. Creativity
gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea. Creativity gives the possibility of some sort of achievement to everyone. 
Creativity makes life more fun and more interesting.',
            'Author': 'Edward de Bono'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and 
diamonds are made under pressure.',
            'Author': 'Peter Marshall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I finally figured out that not every crisis can be managed. As much as we want to keep ourselves 
safe, we can't protect ourselves from everything. If we want to embrace life, we also have to embrace chaos.",
            'Author': 'Susan Elizabeth Phillips,  Breathing Room'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27690,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old
doesn't appeal to anyone.",
            'Author': 'Andy Rooney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27694,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends",
            'Author': 'John Lennon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27700,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I run because if I didn’t, I’d be sluggish and glum and spend too much time on the couch. I run to 
breathe the fresh air. I run to explore. I run to escape the ordinary. I run…to savor the trip along the way. Life becomes 
a little more vibrant, a little more intense. I like that.',
            'Author': 'Dean Karnazes,  Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You said you knew the perfect place to run to. A place that was empty of people, and buildings, and 
far, far away. A place covered in blood-red earth and sleeping life. A place longing to come alive again. It's a place for 
disappearing, you'd said, a place for getting lost... and for getting found.I'll take you there, you'd said.And I could say
that I agreed.",
            'Author': 'Lucy Christopher,  Stolen: A Letter to My Captor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'LearningTo believe you are magnificent. And gradually to discover that you are not magnificent. 
Enough labor for one human life.',
            'Author': 'Czesław Miłosz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction; how simple to nudge them 
into non-being, then to stand back and shrug and agree that it had been the inevitable result of a chaotic, catastrophic 
life.',
            'Author': "Robert Galbraith,  The Cuckoo's Calling"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Is everybody in? Is everybody in? Is everybody in? The ceremony is about to begin. The entertainment 
for this evening is not new, you've seen this entertainment through and through you have seen your birth, your life, your 
death....you may recall all the rest. Did you have a good world when you died? -enough to base a movie on??",
            'Author': 'Jim Morrison,  An American Prayer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fiction should be a place of lollipops and escape. Real life is depressing enough--I, for one, don't 
want to read about make believe misery, too.",
            'Author': 'Nicole Christie,  Falling for the Ghost of You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27773,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The behavior of a human being in sexual matters is often a prototype for the whole of his other modes
of reaction in life.',
            'Author': 'Sigmund Freud,  Sexuality and the Psychology of Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27774,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It isn't good to hold on too hard to the past. You can't spend your whole life looking back. Not even
when you can't see what lies ahead. All you can do is keep on keeping on, and try to believe that tomorrow will be what it 
should be—even if it isn't what you expected.",
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  Death Masks'
        }
    },
    {'id': 27777, 'record': {'Quote': 'I have stitched life into me like a rare organ', 'Author': 'Sylvia Plath'}},
    {
        'id': 27779,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from
our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each
day to have a new and different sun.",
            'Author': 'Christopher McCandless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27784,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you were born you were crying and everyone else was smiling. Live your life so at the end, 
your're the one who is smiling and everyone else is crying.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life 
for its own sake.',
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.',
            'Author': 'Gordon B. Hinckley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do you know how there are moments when the world moves so slowly you can feel your bones shifting, 
your mind tumbling? When you think that no matter what happens to you for the rest of your life, you will remember every 
last detail of that one minute forever?',
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Nineteen Minutes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27826,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.',
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  If I Stay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of 
small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt 
your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal 
in Spring)',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Scandal in Spring'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27846,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I sent my Soul through the Invisible, Some letter of that After-life to spell: And by and by my Soul 
return'd to me, And answer'd: 'I Myself am Heav'n and Hell",
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám'
        }
    },
    {'id': 27849, 'record': {'Quote': 'Your daily life is your temple and your religion.', 'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'}},
    {
        'id': 27857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is an adventure of passion, risk, danger, laughter, beauty, love; a burning curiosity to go with
the action to see what it is all about, to go search for a pattern of meaning, to burn one's bridges because you're never 
going to go back anyway, and to live to the end.",
            'Author': 'Saul D. Alinsky,  Reveille for Radicals'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27858,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Well, sometimes I worry that my whole life will be based about what's comfortable and easy. I'll care
too much about what makes me feel good to ever really reach for anything. And then I worry that even if I do, I won't 
succeed.",
            'Author': 'Julia Hoban,  Willow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A broken heart in real life isn't half as dreadful as it is in books. It's a good deal like a bad 
tooth, though you won't think THAT a very romantic simile. It takes spells of aching and gives you a sleepless night now 
and then, but between times it lets you enjoy life and dreams and echoes and peanut candy as if there were nothing the 
matter with it.",
            'Author': 'L.M. Montgomery'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27905,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.',
            'Author': 'Ruth Rendell,  A Judgement in Stone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27925,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is there any real purpose in being alive if all we are going to do is get up every day and live only 
for ourselves?Live your life to help others. Give & live selflessly.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27950,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.',
            'Author': 'Leo Babauta'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has
the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with 
others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the 
fate of the world.',
            'Author': 'J.D. Stroube,  Caged by Damnation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 27962,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Einmal ist keinmal, says Tomas to himself. What happens but once, says the German adage, might as 
well not have happened at all. If we have only one life to live, we might as well not have lived at all.',
            'Author': 'Milan Kundera,  The Unbearable Lightness of Being'
        }
    },
    {'id': 27967, 'record': {'Quote': 'No one escapes from life alive.', 'Author': 'Michael Crichton,  Congo'}},
    {
        'id': 27999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We all have different things that we go through in our everyday life, and it's really important to 
know just at the end of the day, it doesn't matter what you face, you know, that you're going to win at the end of the day.
You got to believe in yourself. You got to believe in God, know that He's going to get you through it.",
            'Author': 'Kelly Rowland'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Leonard asks me if there's anything I need to know before he dies, I think about it for a minute, 
turn to him, say what's the meaning of life, Leonard? He laughs, says that's an easy one, my son, it's whatever you want it
to be.",
            'Author': 'James Frey,  My Friend Leonard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse.',
            'Author': 'Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Shadow of the Wind'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28006,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.",
            'Author': 'Fred Rogers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As 
soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.',
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Blood of Olympus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My goal in life is to have a psychiatric disorder named after me.',
            'Author': 'Darynda Jones,  Fifth Grave Past the Light'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28045,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently 
manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire 
until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out 
like a fucking meteor!",
            'Author': 'Audre Lorde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28056,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't need another Human Being to make your life complete, but let's be honest. Having your 
wounds kissed by someone who doesn't see them as disasters In your soul, but cracks to put their love into, Is the most 
calming thing In this World.",
            'Author': 'Emery Allen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28086,
        'record': {'Quote': 'What is drama but life with the dull bits cut out.', 'Author': 'Alfred Hitchcock'}
    },
    {
        'id': 28095,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a 
way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring 
your hands after the person dies.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Dance Dance Dance'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum.',
            'Author': 'Frances E. Willard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28143,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I used to believe that people are only born once, but now I feel I have been reborn, like I was given
a new life. I see myself as a child, full of energy and hope.',
            'Author': 'Bahman Ghobadi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28144,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all 
the days of your life.',
            'Author': 'Abraham Maslow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28148,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra,  Life After Death: The Burden of Proof'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Marriage is not a process for prolonging the life of love, sir. It merely mummifies its corpse.',
            'Author': 'P.G. Wodehouse,  The Small Bachelor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28155,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have a deeply hidden and inarticulate desire for something beyond the daily life.',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  Moments of Being'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to 
give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.',
            'Author': 'David Benioff,  When the Nines Roll Over and Other Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If there be light, then there is darkness; if cold, heat; if height, depth; if solid, fluid; if hard,
soft; if rough, smooth; if calm, tempest; if prosperity, adversity; if life, death.',
            'Author': 'Pythagoras'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is a 
hungry thing.",
            'Author': 'Scott Westerfeld,  Peeps'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28204,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What kind of life can you have in a house without books?',
            'Author': 'Sherman Alexie,  Flight'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28217,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides 
behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.",
            'Author': 'Sue Monk Kidd,  The Secret Life of Bees:'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28247,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My eyes were glued on lifeand they were full of tears.',
            'Author': 'Jack Kerouac,  Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28251,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it',
            'Author': 'Henri J.M. Nouwen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28260,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found 
peace. I found happiness within people and the world.",
            'Author': 'Lana Del Rey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think anyone who opened their heart enough to love without restraint and subsequently were 
devastated by loss knows that in that moment you are forever changed; a apart of you is no longer whole. Some will never 
again love with that level of abandon where life is perceived as innocent and the threat of loss seems implausible. Love 
and loss, therefore, are linked.',
            'Author': 'Donna Lynn Hope'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28305,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The direction of your focus is the direction your life will move. Let yourself move toward what is 
good, valuable, strong and true.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Marston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28310,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is life. You choose to live it or you do not.',
            'Author': 'Carrie Ryan,  The Dead-Tossed Waves'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28336,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous possessive love that grabs at 
what it can.',
            'Author': 'Yann Martel,  Life of Pi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28346,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Mom always liked to say that we hardly ever know the decisions we make that change our lives, mostly 
because they are little ones. You took this bus instead of that one and ended up meeting your soul mate, that kind of 
thing. But there was no doubt in my mind that this was one of those life-changing moments.',
            'Author': 'Rachel Hawkins,  Demonglass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28356,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The 
wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.',
            'Author': 'Lin Yutang,  The Importance of Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28358,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.',
            'Author': 'Jean-Jacques Rousseau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28362,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are used to the kind of life -of never getting anything you want- you stop knowing what it 
is you want.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry 
about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.',
            'Author': 'Claudia Gray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28396,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into 
your life.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is a fine thing to establish one's own religion in one's heart, not to be dependent on tradition 
and second-hand ideals. Life will seem to you, later, not a lesser, but a greater thing.",
            'Author': 'D.H. Lawrence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28425,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happiness is not a life without pain, but rather a life in which the pain is traded for a worthy 
price.',
            'Author': 'Orson Scott Card,  Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Trust in someone means that we no longer have to protect ourselves. We believe we will not be hurt or
harmed by the other, at least not deliberately. We trust his or her good intentions, though we know we might be hurt by the
way circumstances play out between us. We might say that hurt happens; it’s a given of life. Harm is inflicted; it’s a 
choice some people make.',
            'Author': 'David Richo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28447,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a pre-paid card with 
limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to 
get so worked up? It’s ok, bunk a few classes, goof up a few interviews, fall in love. We are people, not programmed 
devices.',
            'Author': 'Chetan Bhagat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28450,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books, pick your role 
models wisely. Find out what they did and do it.',
            'Author': 'Lana Del Rey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28456,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I think about the kind of guy I want to marry, I think I might prefer someone who knows where 
they are going. I mean a prince pretty much has his whole life planned out already, doesn't he? And this is important 
because I have no idea where I'm going or what I want to do with my life.",
            'Author': 'Jillian Dodd,  That Boy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The great thing, if one can, is to stop regarding all the unpleasant things as interruptions of one's
'own,' or 'real' life. The truth is of course that what one calls the interruptions are precisely one's real life -- the 
life God is sending one day by day.",
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis,  The Collected Works of C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28471,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire 
us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.',
            'Author': 'Sidney Sheldon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you 
earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.",
            'Author': 'Kristen Ashley,  Heaven and Hell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28488,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.',
            'Author': 'Fulton J. Sheen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28498,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want small changes in your life, work on your attitude. But if you want big and primary 
changes, work on your paradigm.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Covey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My formula for life is very simple: in the morning, wake up; at night, go to sleep. In between I try 
and occupy myself as best I can.',
            'Author': 'Cary Grant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Why me?"she asked, holding on to him."Because you cared,"he whispered. "You cared so much for your 
people, it broke your heart to see the pack in ruins. You cared so much for your mother, you risked your life for hers. You
cared enough to save someone who wanted you dead. And because you walk like a queen.',
            'Author': 'Annette Curtis Klause,  Blood and Chocolate'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The thing about being catapulted into a whole new life--or at least, shoved up so hard against 
someone else's life that you might as well have your face pressed against their window--is that it forces you to rethink 
your idea of who you are. Or how you might seem to other people.",
            'Author': 'Jojo Moyes,  Me Before You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28545,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another....",
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28546,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Truth.It feels cool, like water washing over my sticky-hot body. Cooling a heat that's been burning 
me up all my life.Truth, I say inside my head again, just for that feeling.",
            'Author': 'Kathryn Stockett,  The Help'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28580,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'AnatasiaYou Are My More My Love, My LifeChristian',
            'Author': 'E.L. James,  Fifty Shades Freed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts 
within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may 
come to you without shame.',
            'Author': 'P.C. Cast'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28594,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community 
of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28622,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for 
me to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes 
something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.',
            'Author': 'Mark Oliver Everett,  Things The Grandchildren Should Know'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to write a book so long that it will take the average person their whole life to read. It will
be exactly the same length as the Bible.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  I Want'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28626,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the 
sense of where you are going and why.",
            'Author': 'Eddie Cantor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28628,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "They know that tragedy is not glamorous. They know it doesn't play out in life as it does on a stage 
or between the pages of a book. It is neither a punishment meted out nor a lesson conferred. Its horrors are not 
attributable to one single person. Tragedy is ugly and tangled, stupid and confusing.",
            'Author': 'E. Lockhart,  We Were Liars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28629,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But what is life if you don't live it?",
            'Author': "James Patterson,  Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28634,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It suddenly made sense. Only twice in his life had he felt this inexplicable, almost mystical 
attraction to a woman. He’d thought it remarkable, to have found two, when in his heart he’d always believed there was only
one perfect woman out there for him. His heart had been right. There was only one.',
            'Author': 'Julia Quinn,  An Offer From a Gentleman'
        }
    },
    {'id': 28640, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a winking light in the darkness.', 'Author': 'Hayao Miyazaki'}},
    {
        'id': 28642,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The reason why the universe is eternal is that it does not live for itself; it gives life to others 
as it transforms.',
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I must have killed a lot of cows in a past life for Karma to hate me this much.',
            'Author': 'Katie McGarry,  Pushing the Limits'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28680,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading: he did not know 
that thus he was providing himself with a refuge from all the distress of life; he did not know either that he was creating
for himself an unreal world which would make the real world of every day a source of bitter disappointment.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  Of Human Bondage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Real life? Well, I just hope mine isn't investigated. They might find that I don't really exist - 
that I'm just a hologram.",
            'Author': 'Steven Wright'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The details are details. They make the product. The connections, the connections, the connections. It
will in the end be these details that give the product its life.',
            'Author': 'Charles Eames'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28690,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. 
You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.",
            'Author': 'Lady Gaga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some things in life are too complicated to explain in any language.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28695,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that 
diary into the best story you possibly can.',
            'Author': 'Douglas Pagels'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28703,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tristan was silent for a few moments, looking at the leaves before them. "Life isn\'t about the past 
and the future. It\'s about today."He paused. "It\'s about five minutes from now and two seconds ago. It\'s moments, you 
know? Not years. Years aren\'t what define us.',
            'Author': 'Chelsea Fine,  Anew'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28705,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who 
really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.",
            'Author': 'Will Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it 
and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the 
midst of the battle.",
            'Author': 'J. Sterling,  The Perfect Game'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by
a morning walk or an evening saunter... to be thrilled by the stars at night; to be elated over a bird's nest or a 
wildflower in spring — these are some of the rewards of the simple life.",
            'Author': 'John Burroughs,  Leaf and Tendril'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am running after you, and life, in desperate pursuit. My dream is that someday you will both turn 
and let me catch you. That dream carries me through every night... I have enclosed a hundred kisses in this letter. You 
must count them out carefully and not lose any.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Seduce Me at Sunrise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.",
            'Author': 'Alan Bennett,  The Uncommon Reader'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28767,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the 
smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that
God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.',
            'Author': 'Og Mandino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28774,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of 
happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.',
            'Author': 'Julian Gough,  Juno & Juliet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The grace of God means something like: Here is your life. You might never have been, but you are 
because the party wouldn't have been complete without you.",
            'Author': 'Frederick Buechner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28803,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Smiling, I cut across the quadrangle toward the commons. I felt better about life than I had in a 
very long time. We could do this, Lissa and me. We could do this together.',
            'Author': 'Richelle Mead,  Vampire Academy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have high blood sugars, and Type 2 diabetes is not going to kill me. But I just have to eat right, 
and exercise, and lose weight, and watch what I eat, and I will be fine for the rest of my life.',
            'Author': 'Tom Hanks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for 
you, but you can't avoid them.",
            'Author': 'Mhairi McFarlane,  You Had Me At Hello'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make 
a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true 
in your own life... it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.",
            'Author': 'Patrick Swayze,  The Time of My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of course anyone who truly loves books buys more of them than he or she can hope to read in one 
fleeting lifetime. A good book, resting unopened in its slot on a shelf, full of majestic potentiality, is the most 
comforting sort of intellectual wallpaper.',
            'Author': 'David Quammen,  The Boilerplate Rhino: Nature in the Eye of the Beholder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is our story to tell. You’d think for all the reading I do, I would have thought about this 
before, but I haven’t. I’ve never once thought about the interpretative, the story telling aspect of life, of my life. I 
always felt like I was in a story, yes, but not like I was the author of it, or like I had any say in its telling 
whatsoever.',
            'Author': 'Jandy Nelson,  The Sky Is Everywhere'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28882,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes you imagine that everything could have been different for you, that if only you had gone 
right one day when you chose to go left, you would be living a life you could never have anticipated. But at other times 
you think there was no other way forward--that you were always bound to end up exactly where you have.',
            'Author': 'Kevin Brockmeier,  The View from the Seventh Layer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28885,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "\u200eI never wanted to have anything in my life that I couldn't stand losing. But it's too late for 
that.",
            'Author': "Audrey Niffenegger,  The Time Traveler's Wife"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28896,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, 
art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Fry,  Moab Is My Washpot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you
that is expected by everyone else.',
            'Author': 'K.L. Toth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28929,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The friends you make in college are friends you'll have for life, even if you don't talk for years at
a time.",
            'Author': 'Jessica Park,  Flat-Out Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28944,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is one fool thing after another whereas love is two fool things after each other.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  The Happy Prince and Other Tales'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28945,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the 
fact.',
            'Author': 'William James,  The Will to Believe and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28965,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you also thinks it means I wake up every morning wondering what I did to deserve having you back 
in my life, well, you'd be right about that too.",
            'Author': 'Julie James,  Something About You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28969,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not 
the top.",
            'Author': 'Robert M. Pirsig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World 
War II.',
            'Author': 'Leonardo DiCaprio'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 28983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What about the rest of your life?"She shrugged. "What about it?""Aren\'t you worried about, like, 
forever?""Forever is composed of nows,"she says.',
            'Author': 'John Green,  Paper Towns'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.',
            'Author': 'Natalie Babbitt,  Tuck Everlasting'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29004,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Disappointments in love, even betrayals and losses, serve the soul at the very moment they seem in 
life to be tragedies. The soul is partly in time and partly in eternity. We might remember the part that resides in 
eternity when we feel despair over the part that is in life.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Moore,  Care of the Soul: Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life'
        }
    },
    {'id': 29007, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is not fair get used to used to it', 'Author': 'Bill Gates'}},
    {
        'id': 29008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Just because life is hard, and always ends in a bad way, doesn't mean that all stories have to, even 
if that's what they tell us in school and in the New York Times Review. In fact, it's a good thing that stories are as 
different as we are, one from another.",
            'Author': "James Patterson,  Sundays at Tiffany's"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29041,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everybody gets told to write about what they know. The trouble with many of us is that at the earlier
stages of life we think we know everything- or to put it more usefully, we are often unaware of the scope and structure of 
our ignorance.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Pynchon,  Slow Learner: Early Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29054,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a succesion of lessons which must be lived to be understood.',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29058,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and 
pray, then you can wait.',
            'Author': 'Maya Angelou,  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to 
waste time being unhappy.',
            'Author': 'Dan Howell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29089,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Scars are but evidence of life,"Coquette said. "Evidence of choices to be learned from...evidence of 
wounds...wounds inflicted of mistakes...wounds we choose to allow the healing of. We likewise choose to see them, that we 
may not make the same mistakes again.',
            'Author': 'Marcia Lynn McClure,  The Whispered Kiss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Contrary to what we may have been taught to think, unnecessary and unchosen suffering wounds us but 
need not scar us for life. It does mark us. What we allow the mark of our suffering to become is in our own hands.',
            'Author': 'bell hooks,  All About Love: New Visions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29109,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's a sorrow and pain in everyone's life, but every now and then there's a ray of light that 
melts the loneliness in your heart and brings comfort like hot soup and a soft bed.",
            'Author': 'Hubert Selby Jr.,  Requiem for a Dream'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And we wept that one so lovely should have a life so brief;',
            'Author': 'William Cullen Bryant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29175,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life sucks, and then you die.Yeah, I should be so lucky.',
            'Author': 'Stephenie Meyer,  Breaking Dawn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you haven't confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you 
have won even before you have started.",
            'Author': 'Marcus Garvey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29179,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our 
control.',
            'Author': 'Epictetus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29188,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning 
if it were not balanced by sadness.',
            'Author': 'C.G. Jung'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29189,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before I can tell my life what I want to do with it, I must listen to my life telling me who I am.',
            'Author': 'Parker J. Palmer,  Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29191,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.', 'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'}
    },
    {
        'id': 29192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I choose to write because it's perfect for me. It's an escape, a place I can go to hide. It's a 
friend, when I feel out casted from everyone else. It's a journal, when the only story I can tell is my own. It's a book, 
when I need to be somewhere else. It's control, when I feel so out of control. It's healing, when everything seems pretty 
messed up.And it's fun, when life is just flat-out boring.",
            'Author': 'Alysha Speer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. 
Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life"won’t last forever.',
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám,  Quatrains - Ballades'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I remember one desolate Sunday night, wondering: Is this how I´m going to spend the rest of my life? 
Marrid to someone who is perpetually distracted and somewhat wistful, as though a marvelous party is going on in the next 
room, which but for me he could be attending?',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Finnamore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They had only ever discussed books but what, in this life, is more personal than books?',
            'Author': 'Gabrielle Zevin,  The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29293,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.',
            'Author': 'Scott Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.",
            'Author': 'Patricia Briggs,  When Demons Walk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations 
lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.',
            'Author': 'Robin S. Sharma'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we are to love our neighbors, before doing anything else we must see our neighbors. With our 
imagination as well as our eyes, that is to say like artists, we must see not just their faces but the life behind and 
within their faces. Here it is love that is the frame we see them in.',
            'Author': "Frederick Buechner,  Whistling in the Dark: A Doubter's Dictionary"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29338,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark 
my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is
for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29357,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No matter what has happened to you in the past or what is going on in your life right now, it has no 
power to keep you from having an amazingly good future if you will walk by faith in God. God loves you! He wants you to 
live with victory over sin so you can possess His promises for your life today!',
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.",
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  Anna Karenina'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29369,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest 
life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.',
            'Author': 'Vera Nazarian,  The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All of life is a constant education.',
            'Author': 'Eleanor Roosevelt,  The Wisdom of Eleanor Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29413,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One loves truly only once in a lifetime, Julian, even if one isn’t aware of it.',
            'Author': 'Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Shadow of the Wind'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29420,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the 
day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29429,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a
laborer's hand.",
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29441,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Redemption, n. Deliverance of sinners from the penalty of their sin through their murder of the deity
against whom they sinned. The doctrine of Redemption is the fundamental mystery of our holy religions, and whoso believeth 
in it shall not perish, but have everlasting life in which to try to understand it.',
            'Author': "Ambrose Bierce,  The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29466,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Literature can remind us that not all life is already written down: there are still so many stories 
to be told.',
            'Author': 'Colum McCann,  Let the Great World Spin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's much easier to not know things sometimes. Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop
for anybody.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29470,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to 
fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.",
            'Author': 'Thisuri Wanniarachchi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29473,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I\'d sell my soul to have you. In my whole life, you\'ll always be what I wanted most."~ Hardy 
Cates',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Sugar Daddy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29475,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; 
you're not be being true to yourself.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his 
humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.',
            'Author': 'J.M. Barrie,  The Little Minister'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29498,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Of all the crap, crap, crappy nights I've ever had in the whole of my crap life. On a scale of one to
10, we're talking...a minus 6. And it's not like I even have very high standards.",
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in session.",
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29514,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an 
encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You get lonely, is what it is. A person's not supposed to go through life with absolutely nobody. 
It's not normal. The longer you go by yourself the weirder you get, and the weirder you get the longer you go by yourself. 
It's a loop and you gotta do something to get out of it.",
            'Author': 'Jim Shepard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who are your favorite heroines in real life? The women of Afghanistan, Iraq, and Iran who risk their 
lives and their beauty to defy the foulness of theocracy. Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Azar Nafisi as their ideal feminine model.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Hitchens,  Hitch-22: A Memoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29531,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I hate when people ask what a book is about. People who read for plot, people who suck out the story 
like the cream filling in an Oreo, should stick to comic strips and soap operas. . . . Every book worth a damn is about 
emotions and love and death and pain. It's about words. It's about a man dealing with life. Okay?",
            'Author': 'J.R. Moehringer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29538,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part; the essential thing in 
life is not conquering but fighting well.',
            'Author': 'Pierre de Coubertin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken
me a long time to realize that.",
            'Author': 'Alan Moore,  Watchmen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who make us believe that anything’s possible and fire our imagination over the long haul, are 
often the ones who have survived the bleakest of circumstances. The men and women who have every reason to despair, but 
don’t, may have the most to teach us, not only about how to hold true to our beliefs, but about how such a life can bring 
about seemingly impossible social change.',
            'Author': "Paul Rogat Loeb,  The Impossible Will Take a Little While: A Citizen's Guide to Hope in a Time of 
Fear"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29595,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Humanity i love you because youare perpetually putting the secret oflife in your pants and 
forgettingit's there and sitting downon itand because you areforever making poems in the lapof death Humanityi hate you",
            'Author': 'E.E. Cummings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Oh threats of Hell and Hopes of Paradise!One thing at least is certain - This Life flies;One thing is
certain and the rest is Lies -The Flower that once has blown forever dies.',
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám,  Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29629,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can resolve to live your life with integrity. Let your credo be this: Let the lie come into the 
world, let it even triumph. But not through me.',
            'Author': 'Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Why be alone when we can be together babyYou can make my life worthwhileAnd I can make you start to 
smile',
            'Author': 'Mr. Big'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29655,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence
of life.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra,  The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29658,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The process of falling in love at first sight is as final as it is swift in such a case, but the 
growth of true friendship may be a lifelong affair.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Orne Jewett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.',
            'Author': 'Nelson Mandela'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29668,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody 
sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly.',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29691,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the midst of life, we are in death.',
            'Author': 'Agatha Christie,  And Then There Were None'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29699,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The feeling of awed wonder that science can give us is one of the highest experiences of which the 
human psyche is capable. It is a deep aesthetic passion to rank with the finest that music and poetry can deliver. It is 
truly one of the things that make life worth living and it does so, if anything, more effectively if it convinces us that 
the time we have for living is quite finite.',
            'Author': 'Richard Dawkins,  Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder'
        }
    },
    {'id': 29706, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is just a journey.', 'Author': 'Princess Diana'}},
    {
        'id': 29720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.",
            'Author': 'Gabrielle Zevin,  Elsewhere'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29721,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the
life we want and towards the healing we need.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29751,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This parrot is no more. It has ceased to be. It's expired and gone to meet its maker. This is a late 
parrot. It's a stiff. Bereft of life, it rests in peace. If you hadn't nailed it to the perch, it would be pushing up the 
daisies. It's rung down the curtain and joined the choir invisible. This is an ex-parrot.",
            'Author': "John Cleese,  Monty Python's Flying Circus"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the 
moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.',
            'Author': 'George Bernard Shaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29771,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's alright, just wait and see, your string of lights is still bright to me. Who you are is not 
where you've been. You're still an innocent. It's okay life is a tough crowd, 32 is still growing up now.",
            'Author': 'Taylor Swift,  Taylor Swift: Speak Now'
        }
    },
    {'id': 29776, 'record': {'Quote': 'We just had a near-life experience!', 'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk'}},
    {
        'id': 29784,
        'record': {'Quote': "I'm as cruel as life. As cruel as love.", 'Author': 'L.J. Smith,  The Forbidden Game'}
    },
    {
        'id': 29805,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Poetry is not the most important thing in life... I'd much rather lie in a hot bath reading Agatha 
Christie and sucking sweets.",
            'Author': 'Dylan Thomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29806,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet 
sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man 
is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29808,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think when men hear that women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic 
relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anywhere. I want a guy who is entrenched in his 
own life.",
            'Author': 'Mindy Kaling,  Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29825,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.', 'Author': 'Amelia Earhart'}
    },
    {
        'id': 29828,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell me not in mournful numbers,Life is but an empty dream!For the soul is dead that slumbers,And 
things are not what they seem.Life is real! Life is earnest!And the grave is not its goal;Dust thou are, to dust thou 
returnest,Was not spoken of the soul.',
            'Author': 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,  Voices of the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know 
why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.',
            'Author': 'Douglas Coupland'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.It is 
like all my life I thought the sky was green.',
            'Author': 'Shannon Hale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Kyo: Of course, I'll beat YOU, too!Yuki: Don't you ever get tired of saying that?Kyo: Beating you is 
my vocation! It's my goal in life!Yuki: It's so unfair that I keep having to take abuse just because you can't meet your 
goals.Kyo: THAT CONDESCENDING ATTITUDE OF YOURS REALLY PISSES ME OFF!Yuki: And that revolting thought process of yours 
pisses me off.",
            'Author': 'Natsuki Takaya,  Fruits Basket, Vol. 1'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29866,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People always say life is too short for regrets. But the truth is, it's too long.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Addison Allen,  The Peach Keeper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think of how life takes unexpected twists and turns, sometimes through sheer happenstance, 
sometimes through calculated decisions. In the end, it can all be called fate, but to me, it is more a matter of faith.',
            'Author': "Emily Giffin,  Love the One You're With"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29874,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Profound joy of the heart is like a magnet that indicates the path of life.',
            'Author': 'Mother Teresa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The poor man shuddered, overflowed with an angelic joy; he declared in his transport that this would 
last through life; he said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he 
thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent 
being.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Of all the inanimate objects, of all men's creations, books are the nearest to us for they contain 
our very thoughts, our ambitions, our indignations, our illusions, our fidelity to the truth, and our persistent leanings 
to error. But most of all they resemble us in their precious hold on life.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Conrad'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29905,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Many things are not as they seem: The worst things in life never are.',
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  White Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29921,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He recognized her despite the uproar, through his tears of unrepeatable sorrow at dying without her, 
and he looked at her for the last and final time with eyes more luminous, more grief-stricken, more grateful than she had 
ever seen them in half a century of a shared life, and he managed to say to her with his last breath: “Only God knows how 
much I loved you',
            'Author': 'Gabriel Garcí\xada Márquez,  Love in the Time of Cholera'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29934,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My father sacrificed his life for our family when I was growing up. He was one of the bravest, 
wisest, and most unselfish goats I have ever known, and I will miss his cheese dearly.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  It Occurred to Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29950,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think books are like people, in the sense that they'll turn up in your life when you most need 
them.",
            'Author': 'Emma Thompson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29956,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the 
responsibility for changing them',
            'Author': 'Denis Waitley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29958,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'and all I could think was that I would like to spend every morning for the rest of my life waking up 
beside her',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  Dear John'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 29983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was so strange, the way that life moved forward: the twists and the dead ends, the sudden 
opportunities. She supposed if you could predict or foresee everything that was going to happen, you’d lose the motivation 
to go through it all. The promise was always in the possibility.',
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Panic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.',
            'Author': 'Irvin D. Yalom,  When Nietzsche Wept'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I 
will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.",
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30023,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What I’ve realized is that life doesn’t count for much unless you’re willing to do your small part to
leave our children — all of our children — a better world. Any fool can have a child. That doesn’t make you a father. It’s 
the courage to raise a child that makes you a father.',
            'Author': 'Barack Obama'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30026,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the 
enemy's staying alive.",
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30035,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.',
            'Author': 'Thisuri Wanniarachchi,  COLOMBO STREETS'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If it can be verified, we don't need faith... Faith is for that which lies on the other side of 
reason. Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys.",
            'Author': "Madeleine L'Engle"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30045,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People will walk in and walk out of your life, but the one whose footstep made a long lasting 
impression is the one you should never allow to walk out.',
            'Author': 'Michael Bassey Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30057,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quickly you hardly catch it
going.',
            'Author': 'Tennessee Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.',
            'Author': 'Vic Johnson,  Day by Day with James Allen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30075,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Think of it! We could have gone on longing for one another and pretending not to notice forever. This
obsession with dignity can ruin your life if you let it.',
            'Author': 'Mary Ann Shaffer,  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A written word is the choicest of relics. It is something at once more intimate with us and more 
universal than any other work of art. It is the work of art nearest to life itself. It may be translated into every 
language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; -- not be represented on canvas or in marble 
only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30080,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think that when we look for love courageously, it reveals itself, and we wind up attracting even 
more love. If one person really wants us, everyone does. But if we’re alone, we become even more alone. Life is strange.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And 
next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.",
            'Author': 'Anthony Horowitz,  Stormbreaker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30133,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I had spent my whole life feeling homesick. The only difference between the two of us was that I 
didn't know what or where home was.",
            'Author': 'Marian Keyes,  Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop giving your life away to other people.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.',
            'Author': 'Harold S. Kushner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30149,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happiness can only be achieved by looking inward & learning to enjoy whatever life has and this 
requires transforming greed into gratitude.',
            'Author': 'John Chrysostom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30174,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life 
in his arms but she never sung her song.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are no classes in life for beginners: right away you are always asked to deal with what is most
difficult.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30183, 'record': {'Quote': 'This is the strangest life I have ever known.', 'Author': 'Jim Morrison'}},
    {
        'id': 30186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Belinda stared into the fire for some time, thinking about what she had in her life, and what she had
given up; and whether it would be worse to love someone who was no longer there, or not to love someone who was.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  Smoke and Mirrors'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30187,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real love is to offer your life at the feet of another.',
            'Author': 'John Ajvide Lindqvist,  Let the Right One In'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30196,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will 
seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen."he continued at a slower pace, 
"of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain 
forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64',
            'Author': 'Christopher Paolini,  Eragon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give 
thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.',
            'Author': 'Tecumseh'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30250, 'record': {'Quote': 'Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.', 'Author': 'Bill Hicks'}},
    {
        'id': 30257,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again.', 'Author': 'Tonya Hurley,  Ghostgirl'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.",
            'Author': 'Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30261,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We shouldn't live as if [other worlds] mattered more than this life in this world, because where we 
are is always the most important place.",
            'Author': 'Philip Pullman,  The Amber Spyglass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30265,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And now I am here, as alone as I've ever been. I am seventeen years old. This is not how it's suppose
to be. This is not how my life is suppose to turn out.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  If I Stay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To wisely live your life, you don't need to know muchJust remember two main rules for the 
beginning:You better starve, than eat whateverAnd better be alone, than with whoever.",
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám,  Rubaiyat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Actors in any capacity, artists of any stripe, are inspired by their curiosity, by their desire to 
explore all quarters of life, in light and in dark, and reflect what they find in their work. Artists instinctively want to
reflect humanity, their own and each other's, in all its intermittent virtue and vitality, frailty and fallibility.",
            'Author': 'Tom Hiddleston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.',
            'Author': 'R.D. Laing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have to go. I have a finite amount of life left and I don't want to spend it arguing with you.",
            'Author': 'Jenny Trout,  Ashes to Ashes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We kiss again. This next kiss is the kind that breaks open the sky. It steals my breath and gives it 
back. It shows me that every other kiss I've had in my life has been wrong.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman,  Just One Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life - my personality, my habits, even my speech - is a combination of the books I choose to read,
the people I choose to listen to, and the thoughts I choose to tolerate in my mind',
            'Author': 'Andy Andrews'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30305,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The span of three or four minutes is pretty insignificant in the scheme of things. People lose 
hundreds of minutes everyday, squandering them on trivial things. But sometimes in those fragments of time, something can 
happen you'll remember the rest of your life.",
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Sugar Daddy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30317,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there.',
            'Author': "Sloane Crosley,  I Was Told There'd Be Cake"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30318,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have been with me from the very first life. You are my first memory every time, the single thread
in all of my lives. It`s you who makes me a person.',
            'Author': 'Ann Brashares,  My Name Is Memory'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30319,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a 
worthwhile person in your own self-development.',
            'Author': 'Brian Tracy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30331,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so 
formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.',
            'Author': 'Jhumpa Lahiri,  The Namesake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30342,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life consists of what man is thinking about all day.', 'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30354,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an 
age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.',
            'Author': 'Milan Kundera,  The Book of Laughter and Forgetting'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30357,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the mistakes many of us make is that we feel sorry for ourselves, or for others, thinking that
life should be fair, or that someday it will be. It\'s not and it won\'t. When we make this mistake we tend to spend a lot 
of time wallowing and/or complaining about what\'s wrong with life. "It\'s not fair,"we complain, not realizing that, 
perhaps, it was never intended to be.',
            'Author': "Richard Carlson,  Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the 
Little Things from Taking Over Your Life"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30364,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A woman with romance in her life lived as grandly as a queen, because her heart was treasured.',
            'Author': 'Nora Roberts,  Bed of Roses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30376,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Ultimate Answer to Life, The Universe and Everything is...42!',
            'Author': "Douglas Adams,  The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.',
            'Author': 'T.S. Eliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30399,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'At least one thing was consistent about her life: It just kept on getting more complicated.',
            'Author': 'Scott Westerfeld,  Pretties'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My advice would be to follow your dream. Most of my life, I was in second place before I came in 
first place. I hope that inspired people to never give up.',
            'Author': 'Jackie Evancho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30433,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise 
us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our 
limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.',
            'Author': 'Cesar Chavez'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30445,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.", 'Author': 'Fran Lebowitz'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30446,
        'record': {'Quote': 'He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.', 'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  Orlando'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30451,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not 
sand.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30453,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life makes fools of all of us sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be 
able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, its our own expectations that crush us.",
            'Author': 'Paul Murray,  Skippy Dies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30454,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's pain. You just have to get over as much of it as you can.-Isabel Culpeper",
            'Author': 'Maggie Stiefvater,  Linger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30466,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are two ways to look at life. The first view is that nothing stays the same and that nothing is
inherently connected, and that the only driving force in anyone's life is entropy. The second is that everything pretty 
much stays the same (more or less) and that everything is completely connected, even if we don't realize it.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Klosterman,  Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, 
loved in spite of ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30478,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We fear death, we shudder at life's instability, we grieve to see the flowers wilt again and again, 
and the leaves fall, and in our hearts we know that we, too, are transitory and will soon disappear. When artists create 
pictures and thinkers search for laws and formulate thoughts, it is in order to salvage something from the great dance of 
death, to make something last longer than we do.",
            'Author': 'Hermann Hesse,  Narcissus and Goldmund'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I warn you, Kelsey, that I’m an extremely patient man. I’ve had extensive practice in waiting out the
enemy. My life as a tiger has taught me that attentive persistence and focused diligence always pay off. Consider yourself 
forewarned, priyatama. I’m on the hunt. I’ve caught your scent, and I won’t be thwarted in my course.',
            'Author': 'Colleen Houck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Becoming a writer is about becoming conscious. When you're conscious and writing from a place of 
insight and simplicity and real caring about the truth, you have the ability to throw the lights on for your reader. He or 
she will recognize his or her life and truth in what you say, in the pictures you have painted, and this decreases the 
terrible sense of isolation that we have all had too much of.",
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your life is your spiritual path.It's what's right in front of you. You can't live anyone else's 
life. The task is to live yours and stop trying to copy one you think looks better.",
            'Author': 'Sandy Nathan,  Stepping Off the Edge: Learning & Living Spiritual Practice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30493,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If life is a journey then let my soul travel and share your pain.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think when you become a parent you go from being a star in the movie of your own life to the 
supporting player in the movie of someone else's.",
            'Author': 'Craig Ferguson,  American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30513,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you
learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable
treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught 
yourself.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is the farce we are all forced to endure.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Rimbaud,  Une saison en enfer; Illuminations; et autres textes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30588,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a paradise for those who love many things with a passion.',
            'Author': 'Leo Buscaglia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My next breath may very well be in your lungs. Store it wisely, because my life depends on it.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Title is Invisible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30601,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "After all, it's all kinds of things that make up a life, right? The big, like falling in love and 
spending time with your family, and the little....like blow drying your hair, applying concealer, and cursing those 
magazine inserts. It all counts. It has to.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.',
            'Author': 'Robin S. Sharma'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But love wasn't about sacrifice, and it wasn't about falling short of someone's expectations. By 
definition, love made you better than good enough; it redefined perfection to include your traits, instead of excluding 
them. All any of us wanted, really, was to know that we counted. That someone else's life would not have been as rich 
without us here.",
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Handle with Care'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30639,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People talk about books being an escape, but here on the tube, this one feels more like a 
lifeline...The motion of the train makes her head rattle, but her eyes lock on the words the way a figure skater might 
choose a focal point as she spins, and just like that, she's grounded again.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer E. Smith,  The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, 
but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of 
the beholder.",
            'Author': 'Stephen King'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30649,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think shows that are completely dramatic are a lie. People use humor to cope. That is how we deal 
with things. In the darkest situations, there's humor. And if you don't show that, you're not being true to real life.",
            'Author': 'Jenji Kohan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30652,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pain is a byproduct of life. That’s the truth. Life sometimes sucks. That’s true for everyone. But if
you don’t face the pain and the suck, you don’t ever get the other things either. Laughter. Joy. Love. Pain passes, but 
those things are worth fighting for. Worth dying for.',
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  Vignette'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30653,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.',
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  Confessions of a Shopaholic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30658,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be 
happy,"said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain 
this?',
            'Author': 'Orhan Pamuk,  The Museum of Innocence'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can 
lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would 
be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.",
            'Author': 'Joshua Hartzell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "On the death of a friend, we should consider that the fates through confidence have devolved on us 
the task of a double living, that we have henceforth to fulfill the promise of our friend's life also, in our own, to the 
world.",
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30693, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a book waiting to happen.', 'Author': 'Sloan McBride'}},
    {
        'id': 30707,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes I sensed that the books I read in rapid succession had set up some sort of murmur among 
themselves, transforming my head into an orchestra pit where different musical instruments sounded out, and I would realize
that I could endure this life because of these musicales going on in my head.',
            'Author': 'Orhan Pamuk,  The New Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely 
explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.',
            'Author': 'Martin Luther King Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life.',
            'Author': 'Alain de Botton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30713,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or 
reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.",
            'Author': 'Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in
the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.',
            'Author': 'Pearl S. Buck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30723,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Like time suspended, a wound unmended-- you and I.  We had no ending, no said goodbye;  For all my 
life, I'll wonder why.",
            'Author': 'Lang Leav,  Love & Misadventure'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and 
fury, signifying nothing.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Macbeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30733,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What if she\'s all I give you in this life of ours, my love?"she asked quietly. "Then I\'ll shout at 
the goddess in fury,"he said fiercely. "I\'ll beg to know why I\'ve been given so much when other men have so little.',
            'Author': 'Melina Marchetta,  Quintana of Charyn'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30753, 'record': {'Quote': "Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.", 'Author': 'Will Rogers'}},
    {
        'id': 30759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Not much music left inside us for life to dance to. Our youth has gone to the ends of the earth to 
die in the silence of the truth. And where, I ask you, can a man escape to, when he hasn't enough madness left inside him? 
The truth is an endless death agony. The truth is death. You have to choose: death or lies. I've never been able to kill 
myself.",
            'Author': 'Louis-Ferdinand Céline,  Journey to the End of the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He could not stand. It was notThat he could not thrive, he was bornWith everything but the will –That
can be deformed, just like a limb.Death was more interesting to him.Life could not get his attention.',
            'Author': 'Ted Hughes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst...And I will definitely give 
you mine.",
            'Author': 'Sherrilyn Kenyon,  No Mercy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She writes things with her movements that I for the life of me could never write with a pen.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Poindexter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known 
factors.',
            'Author': 'Nikola Tesla'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.",
            'Author': 'Seneca'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30810,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life did not stop, and one had to live.', 'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've come to know that what we want in life is the greatest indication of who we really are.",
            'Author': 'Richard Paul Evans,  The Gift'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30818,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another 
without helping himself.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30822,
        'record': {'Quote': 'What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.', 'Author': 'Colette'}
    },
    {
        'id': 30823,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today
be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30854, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love is the energy of life.', 'Author': 'Robert Browning'}},
    {
        'id': 30857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need
someone to love them beyond reason.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30868,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want?...Love. Purpose. Those are the things 
that you can't plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don't happen? Do you spend your whole life
pining for them? Waiting to be happy?",
            'Author': 'Rainbow Rowell,  Attachments'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not over because you have diabetes. Make the most of what you have, be grateful.',
            'Author': 'Dale Evans'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two kinds of people,’ she’d said. ‘Those who coast through life like ducks in a row, 
following one after the other, and those who ride the waves.’” Tears spilled down my cheeks, and my voice cracked. “‘Ride 
the waves, baby, and live. Live.',
            'Author': 'Gena Showalter,  Oh My Goth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30891,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I 
believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally 
meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the 
rest.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Shirley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was 
excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Francesca Lia Block,  Violet & Claire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30927,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have never, in all my life, not for one moment, been tempted toward religion of any kind. The fact 
is that I feel no spiritual void. I have my philosophy of life, which does not include any aspect of the supernatural and 
which I find totally satisfying. I am, in short, a rationalist and believe only that which reason tells me is so.',
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov,  I. Asimov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two ways to live a life either forget everything or, remember nothing.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30944,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future.',
            'Author': 'John Green,  Paper Towns'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30945,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tweeting is talking into the abyss, filling a void in your life by avoiding real human contact.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {'id': 30949, 'record': {'Quote': 'May all that have life be delivered from suffering', 'Author': 'Gautama Buddha'}},
    {
        'id': 30991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Here is a test to find out whether your mission in life is complete. If you’re alive, it isn’t.',
            'Author': 'Lauren Bacall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 30999,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The only certainty life contains is death.', 'Author': 'Patricia Briggs,  When Demons Walk'}
    },
    {
        'id': 31001,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't regret the life you didn't lead.",
            'Author': 'Junot Díaz,  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I will not die an unlived life.I will not live in fearof falling or catching fire.I choose to inhabit
my days,to allow my living to open me,to make me less afraid,more accessible;to loosen my heartuntil it becomes a wing, a 
torch, a promise.I choose to risk my significance,to live so that which came to me as seedgoes to the next as blossom,and 
that which came to me as blossom,goes on as fruit.',
            'Author': 'Dawna Markova,  I Will Not Die an Unlived Life: Reclaiming Purpose and Passion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love
wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31032,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He had been bored, that's all, bored like most people. Hence he had made himself out of whole cloth a
life full of complications and drama. Something must happen - and that explains most human commitments. Something must 
happen, even loveless slavery, even war or death. Hurray then for funerals!",
            'Author': 'Albert Camus,  The Fall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31043,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And this our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, 
sermons in stones, and good in everything. I would not change it.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  As You Like It'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31053,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.', 'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'}
    },
    {
        'id': 31063,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sooner or later in life, we will all take our own turn being in the position we once had someone else
in.',
            'Author': 'Ashly Lorenzana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31071,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is worth it to leave behing my minor life for grander maybes-Miles "Pudge',
            'Author': 'John Green,  Looking for Alaska'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For one day there will be nothing left, yet we will have something. -me-I tried to wait for my life 
to begin. Something has to happen. Like an amazing boy. I know he's out there. I just have to find him.",
            'Author': 'Susane Colasanti,  When It Happens'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes life doesn't happen in chronological order.",
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Slammed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My reasons to liveWere my reasons to dieBut at least they were mineNow I've freedom unboundCut the 
laces of life",
            'Author': 'Emilie Autumn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31077,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let yourself be open and life will be easier. A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water 
undrinkable. A spoon of salt in a lake is almost unnoticed.',
            'Author': 'Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'the purpose of life is the life of purpose',
            'Author': 'Robin S. Sharma,  The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31124,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm always happy when I'm surrounded by water, I think I'm a Mermaid or I was a mermaid.The ocean 
makes me feel really small and it makes me put my whole life into perspective… it humbles you and makes you feel almost 
like you’ve been baptized. I feel born again when I get out of the ocean.",
            'Author': 'Beyoncé Knowles'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31128,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true 
faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half 
heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing.',
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...Life is much simpler if you don’t notice anything....',
            'Author': 'Tom Upton,  Just Plain Weird'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's impossible to go through life unscathed. Nor should you want to. By the hurts we accumulate, we 
measure both our follies and our accomplishments.",
            'Author': 'Christopher Paolini,  Inheritance'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can forget that other people carry pieces of your own story around in their heads. I've always 
thought--put together all those random pieces form everyone who's ever known you from your parents to the guy who once sat 
next to you on a bus, and you'd probably see a fuller version of your life than you even did while living it.",
            'Author': 'Deb Caletti,  Stay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31137,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, more than in anything else, it isn’t easy to end up alive.',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31140,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire,and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze.The day on which 
you arewithout passionate loveis the most wasted day of your life.',
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31141, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life stand still here.', 'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  Mrs. Dalloway'}},
    {
        'id': 31149,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.',
            'Author': 'Lou Holtz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31174,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too short to waste time on books that end badly',
            'Author': 'Jayne Ann Krentz,  Running Hot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony
with all existence.',
            'Author': 'Rabindranath Tagore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life goes on. Get over it. You're still young. It'll get better. Blah, Blah, Blah",
            'Author': "David Levithan,  Marly's Ghost"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be 
dead.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "His fingers skimmed down her body, over skin and satin, and she shivered, leaning into him, and she 
was sure they both tasted like blood and ashes and salt, but it didn't matter; the world, the city, and all it's lights and
life seemed to have narrowed down to this, just her and Jace, the burning heart of a frozen world.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  City of Fallen Angels'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A simple life is not seeing how little we can get by with—that’s poverty—but how efficiently we can 
put first things first. . . . When you’re clear about your purpose and your priorities, you can painlessly discard whatever
does not support these, whether it’s clutter in your cabinets or commitments on your calendar. (148)',
            'Author': 'Victoria Moran,  Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31242,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's not black-and-white. Sometimes the ends justifies the means.",
            'Author': 'Emily Giffin,  Something Borrowed'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31248, 'record': {'Quote': 'True life lies in laughter, love and work.', 'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'}},
    {
        'id': 31259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not an easy matter…. You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism
unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy 
and baseness.',
            'Author': 'Leon Trotsky,  Diary in Exile, 1935'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31261,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life doesn't just happen to you; youreceive everything in your life based on what you've given.",
            'Author': 'Rhonda Byrne'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31284, 'record': {'Quote': "As long as there's life, there's hope.", 'Author': 'Tamora Pierce'}},
    {
        'id': 31301,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I\'ll follow you to the next life if I have to,"he whispered harshly in her ear. "You\'ll never be 
free of me. I\'ll chase you through heaven and hell and beyond."He continued to whisper without stopping while his hands 
gripped her body close to his. "You stay with me, Holly,"he muttered savagely. "Don\'t do this to me. You stay, damn you.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Where Dreams Begin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She who reconciles the ill-matched threadsOf her life, and weaves them gratefullyInto a single cloth 
– It’s she who drives the loudmouths from the hallAnd clears it for a different celebration.',
            'Author': 'Rainer Maria Rilke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31330,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.',
            'Author': 'Michel Houellebecq,  Platform'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31373,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your attachment to unhealthy people and bad habits, which offer you no real control, is why you’re 
spiritually dying and living a life out of balance.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but 
I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more 
stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.",
            'Author': 'Steve Jobs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life can be confusing. Good God, and how. Sometimes it seems like the older I get, the more confused 
I become. That seems ass-backwards. I thought I was supposed to be getting wiser. Instead, I just keep getting hit over the
head with my relative insignificance in the greater scheme of the universe. Confusing, life. But it beats the hell out of 
the alternative.',
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher,  Proven Guilty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to 
duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.',
            'Author': 'Muhammad Ali Jinnah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31413,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life should be a risk. It's more than a straight line that you can see clearly from one point to the 
other. It dips and curves and you never know what's around the bend sometimes until you get there. That scares a lot of 
people. But that's the beauty of it.",
            'Author': 'Katie Kacvinsky,  Awaken'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31414, 'record': {'Quote': 'Be in love with your life, every detail of it.', 'Author': 'Jack Kerouac'}},
    {
        'id': 31420,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life man commits himself and draws his own portrait, outside of which there is nothing. No doubt 
this thought may seem harsh to someone who has not made a success of his life. But on the other hand, it helps people to 
understand that reality alone counts, and that dreams, expectations and hopes only serve to define a man as a broken dream,
aborted hopes, and futile expectations.',
            'Author': 'Jean-Paul Sartre,  Existentialism Is a Humanism'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31438,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.",
            'Author': 'Patrick Swayze'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31445,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hermione turned and beamed at Harry; her eyes, too, were full of tears.‘…then I declare you bonded 
for life.',
            'Author': 'J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31458,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Real life is physical. Give me books instead. Give me the invisibility of the contents of books, the 
thoughts, the ideas, the images. Let me become part of a book. . . . an intertextual being: a book cyborg, or, considering 
that books aren't cybernetic, perhaps a bibliorg.",
            'Author': 'Scarlett Thomas,  The End of Mr. Y'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that 
experience as often as possible.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  The Picture of Dorian Gray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31464,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted the past to go away, I wanted to leave it, like another country; I wanted my life to close, 
and open like a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the song where it falls down over the rocks: an explosion, a 
discovery; I wanted to hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,whoever I was, I wasalive for a little while.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  Dream Work'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31467,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Forget regret, or life is yours to miss. No other path, no other way, no day but today.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Larson,  Rent'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31468,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you 
screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.",
            'Author': 'Samantha Young,  On Dublin Street'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...When you die, the energy that kept you alive filters into the people you loved. Did you know that?
It's like a fire you've tended all your life, and the sparks are all scattered into the wind.... That's why we survive as 
long as we do, because the people who loved us keep us going.",
            'Author': 'Kevin Brockmeier,  The View from the Seventh Layer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31484,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a train of moods like a string of beads; and as we pass through them they prove to be many 
colored lenses, which paint the world their own hue, and each shows us only what lies in its own focus.',
            'Author': 'Ralph Waldo Emerson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31487,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.',
            'Author': 'Victor Hugo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't a book. There's no guarantee of a happy ending.",
            'Author': 'Kristin Cast,  Hunted'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The best way to waste your life, is by taking notes. The easiest way to avoid living is to just 
watch. Look for the details. Report. Don't participate.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31550,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.',
            'Author': 'Jimmy Buffett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Collins,  Mockingjay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31624,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "IF YOU DON'T GO AFTER WHAT YOU WANT; YOU COULD SPEND YOUR ENTIRE LIFE SETTLING FOR WHAT YOU CAN GET",
            'Author': 'Mo Stegall,  Against All Odds I Can Be: 10 Steps to Revolutionize Your Destiny'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31628,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You told me I was the best sex you'd ever had in your life...You couldn't get enough...At one point 
you were so loud I thought sure hotel security was going to beat down the door.",
            'Author': "Rachel Gibson,  I'm In No Mood For Love"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of what use were the arts if they were only the reproduction and the imitation of life?',
            'Author': 'Alfred de Vigny'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31650,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Not forever does the bulbul singIn balmy shades of bowers,Not forever lasts the springNor ever 
blossom the flowers.Not forever reigneth joy,Sets the sun on days of bliss,Friendships not forever last,They know not life,
who know not this.',
            'Author': 'Khushwant Singh,  Train to Pakistan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31652,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What looks like garbage from one angle might be art from another. Maybe it did take a crisis to get 
to know yourself; maybe you needed to get whacked hard by life before you understood what you wanted out of it.',
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Handle with Care'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31655,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop thinking about life and choose to live it',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Fifth Mountain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31695,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'His life was gentle; and the elementsSo mixed in him, that Nature might stand upAnd say to all the 
world, THIS WAS A MAN!',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Julius Caesar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We can regard our life as a uselessly disturbing episode in the blissful repose of nothingness.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Schopenhauer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.',
            'Author': 'E.M. Forster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31717,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today 
be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest
self.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31721, 'record': {'Quote': 'Our life is made by the death of others.', 'Author': 'Leonardo da Vinci'}},
    {
        'id': 31724,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  The Picture of Dorian Gray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life.',
            'Author': 'Aristotle,  Poetics'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31736,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everyone you have ever loved in your life becomes a part of your soul. They never leave. They're 
always inside you, and you can bring them out whenever you want.",
            'Author': 'Nate Kenyon,  Sparrow Rock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If there were no eternal consciousness in a man, if at the bottom of everything there were only a 
wild ferment, a power that twisting in dark passions produced everything great or inconsequential; if an unfathomable, 
insatiable emptiness lay hid beneath everything, what would life be but despair?',
            'Author': 'Søren Kierkegaard,  Fear and Trembling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31747,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things"-he sighed- "these things I so 
regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31752,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Coffee, she'd discovered, was tied to all sorts of memories, different for each person. Sunday 
mornings, friendly get-togethers, a favorite grandfather long since gone, the AA meeting that saved their life. Coffee 
meant something to people. Most found their lives were miserable without it. Coffee was a lot like love that way. And 
because Rachel believed in love, she believed in coffee, too.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Addison Allen,  The Peach Keeper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31754,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He who binds to himself a joyDoes the winged life destroy;But he who kisses the joy as it fliesLives 
in eternity's sun rise.",
            'Author': 'William Blake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Something has spoken to me in the night...and told me that I shall die, I know not where. Saying: 
"[Death is] to lose the earth you know for greater knowing; to lose the life you have, for greater life; to leave the 
friends you loved, for greater loving; to find a land more kind than home, more large than earth.',
            'Author': "Thomas Wolfe,  You Can't Go Home Again"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31791,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Challenging the meaning of life is the truest expression of the state of being human.',
            'Author': 'Viktor E. Frankl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31806,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Few men realize that their life, the very essence of their character, their capabilities and their 
audacities, are only the expression of their belief in the safety of their surroundings.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Conrad'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned',
            'Author': 'Antonio Gramsci'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31828,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...because if you can make yourself happy in the rain then you're doing pretty alright in life.",
            'Author': "David Levithan,  Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are 
devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.',
            'Author': 'Albert Camus,  The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It has always seemed strange to me that in our endless discussions about education so little stress 
is laid on the pleasure of becoming an educated person, the enormous interest it adds to life. To be able to be caught up 
into the world of thought—that is to be educated."[Saturday Evening Post, September 27, 1958]',
            'Author': 'Edith Hamilton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31871,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I suppose [my life] has most resembled a blue chip stock: fairly stable, more ups than downs, and 
gradually trending upward over time. A good buy, a lucky buy, and I've learned that not everyone can say that about his 
life.",
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The heart wants what it wants, Dolp. You don\'t plan on making your life complicated, it just 
happens,and you don"t do it on purpose, and you don\'t do it to hurt people who love you. It just turns out that way 
sometimes.',
            'Author': 'Laurell K. Hamilton,  Narcissus in Chains'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31880,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU...',
            'Author': 'Robert Holden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31881,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The soul is like an uninhabited worldthat comes to life only whenGod lays His headagainst us.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Aquinas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31903,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Mara, that's the life I want to give you. That's what I'm offering you. I want to fill you life with 
color and warmth. I want to fill it with light. Give me a chance",
            'Author': 'Francine Rivers,  Redeeming Love'
        }
    },
    {'id': 31908, 'record': {'Quote': 'The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.', 'Author': 'Deepak Chopra'}},
    {
        'id': 31920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Trust and faith bring joy to life and help relationships grow to their maximum potential.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Meyer,  Battlefield of the Mind: Winning the Battle in Your Mind'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31923,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I never meet you In this lifeLet me feel the lackA glance from your eyesThen my life Will be 
yours',
            'Author': 'James Jones,  The Thin Red Line'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31926,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your 
ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live to learn to love. Learn to love to live. Love to live to learn so that you may live the life 
that you yearn.',
            'Author': 'Rico Dasheem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31948,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a perpetual yesterday for us.', 'Author': 'Alice Sebold,  The Lovely Bones'}
    },
    {
        'id': 31966,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your 
life that you get to know the author.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31967,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness
of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.',
            'Author': "Viktor E. Frankl,  Man's Search for Meaning"
        }
    },
    {'id': 31972, 'record': {'Quote': "Life's managed, not cured.", 'Author': 'Phillip C. McGraw'}},
    {
        'id': 31984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You and your purpose in life are the same thing. Your purpose is to be you.',
            'Author': 'George Alexiou'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 31986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was tired of seeing the Graces always depicted as beautiful young things. I think wisdom comes with
age and life and pain. And knowing what matters.',
            'Author': 'Louise Penny,  A Fatal Grace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32024,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his 
head, and is known to none but himself.",
            'Author': 'Mark Twain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32031,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only thing you have to do in this life is die,"said Mrs. Pinsky..."everything else is a choice.',
            'Author': 'Karen Thompson Walker,  The Age of Miracles'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32038,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all
truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a 
person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?',
            'Author': 'Douglas Coupland,  All Families are Psychotic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Because you have to just go with the flow. Your life is not your own, with people coming in and out 
all the time. You get mellow because you have to.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32047,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of 
striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.',
            'Author': 'Madeleine Albright,  Madam Secretary: A Memoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32106,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.",
            'Author': 'Henry Ford'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32119,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.", 'Author': 'Nicola Yoon,  Everything, Everything'}
    },
    {
        'id': 32123,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. 
Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of 
your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.",
            'Author': 'Robin S. Sharma,  The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams & Reaching 
Your Destiny'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The backcountry signs say stuff like BEYOND THIS POINT IS A HIGH RISK AREA, WHICH HAS MANY HAZARDS 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AVALANCHES, CLIFFS, AND HIDDEN OBSTACLES, YOU MAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COST OF YOUR RESCUE
and I think, um, no thanks. I choose life.',
            'Author': 'Cynthia Hand,  Unearthly'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each of us is a unique strand in the intricate web of life and here to make a contribution.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32138,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is doubt,And faith without doubt is nothing but death.', 'Author': 'Miguel de Unamuno'}
    },
    {
        'id': 32151,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32185,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I rather spend every Sunday of my life hanging off a cliff to rescue someone than spend one more time
sitting in a pew next to hypocrites that talk about what they will do to better themselves and the world when they get 
around to it.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32188,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most world religions denounced war as a barbaric waste of human life. We treasured the teachings of 
these religions so dearly that we frequently had to wage war in order to impose them on other people.',
            'Author': 'Jon Stewart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The life of a writer is absolute hell compared to the life of a businessman. The writer has to force 
himself to work He has to make his own hours and if he doesn't go to his desk at all there is nobody to scold him...A 
person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom. He has no master except his own soul, and 
that, I am sure, is why he does it.",
            'Author': 'Roald Dahl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in,
I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of 
the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore 
them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32230,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The only problem with dreaming is it's a solo activity. Imagine how glorious life would be if we 
could share dreams and create in unison.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32231,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We have become, by the power of a glorious evolutionary accident called intelligence, the stewards of
life's continuity on earth. We did not ask for this role, but we cannot abjure it. We may not be suited to it, but here we 
are.",
            'Author': "Stephen Jay Gould,  The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read 
better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but 
information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring 
truths of human life.',
            'Author': 'Mortimer J. Adler,  How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32305,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is the most fun I’m ever going to have. I love to write. I love it. I mean, there’s nothing in the
world I like better, and that includes sex, probably because I’m so very bad at it. It’s the greatest peace when I’m in a 
scene, and it’s just me and the character, that’s it, that’s where I want to live my life.',
            'Author': 'Joss Whedon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32318,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we
cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to 
make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it... you have 
to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Allowing yourself to stop reading a book - at page 25, 50, or even, less frequently, a few chapters 
from the end - is a rite of passage in a reader's life, the literary equivalent of a bar mitzvah or a communion, the moment
at which you look at yourself and announce: Today I am an adult. I can make my own decisions.",
            'Author': 'Sara Nelson,  So Many Books, So Little Time: A Year of Passionate Reading'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32328,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never 
concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.',
            'Author': 'Tony Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32339,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A writer used to live life like Julius Seizure: I came, I saw, I queried. Now you can take control of
your consciousness and self-publish.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead',
            'Author': 'Pete Wentz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32367,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a 
lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.',
            'Author': "Louis L'Amour,  Sackett's Land"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32368,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's wildest moment---she kneels on the sidewalk. Everything else she does is lies, lies.",
            'Author': 'Henry Miller,  Sexus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32409,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its 
painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one's own ever-shifting desires. A finely tempered nature 
longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought.",
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32410,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that 
person has truly experienced life.',
            'Author': 'Stefan Zweig,  The World of Yesterday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32412,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I thirst for love like a camel thirsts for water. I’m going through a desert right now, but I’m 
searching for the oasis of my life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Write like no one is reading 3'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "By the truth we are undone. Life is a dream. 'Tis the waking that kills us. He who robs us of our 
dreams robs us of our life.",
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  Orlando'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to
LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live 
it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'
        }
    },
    {'id': 32453, 'record': {'Quote': 'Every moment in life is an act of faith', 'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Brida'}},
    {
        'id': 32463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Hope springs eternal in the human breast; Man never Is, but always To be blest. The soul, uneasy, and
confin'd from home, Rests and expatiates in a life to come.",
            'Author': 'Alexander Pope,  An Essay on Man'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32486,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am the washing machine of love. And if you have no idea what I mean, maybe it’s time to let some 
laundry into your life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {'id': 32495, 'record': {'Quote': 'I need drama in my life to keep making music.', 'Author': 'Eminem'}},
    {
        'id': 32500,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, 
and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32502,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.', 'Author': 'Isaac Bashevis Singer'}
    },
    {
        'id': 32503,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you 
must live unseen",
            'Author': 'René Descartes,  The Principles of Philosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32508,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The romantics would call this a love story, the cynics would call it a tragedy. In my mind it’s a 
little bit of both, and no matter how you choose to view it in the end, it does not change the fact that it involves a 
great deal of my life and the path I’ve chosen to follow.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32538,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you have dogs, you witness their uncomplaining acceptance of suffering, their bright desire to 
make the most of life in spite of the limitations of age and disease, their calm awareness of the approaching end when 
their final hours come. They accept death with a grace that I hope I will one day be brave enough to muster.',
            'Author': 'Dean Koontz,  A Big Little Life: A Memoir of a Joyful Dog'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real poetry, is to lead a beautiful life. To live poetry is better than to write it.',
            'Author': 'Matsuo Bashō'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love those who hurt you the most, because they are probably the ones closest to you.They, too, are on
a path, and just like you they are learning to walk before they can fly. Imagine of everybody you hurt in life turned their
backs on you? You would be playing a hell of a lot of solitaire. Love them no matter what.',
            'Author': 'Nikki Sixx,  This Is Gonna Hurt: Music, Photography, And Life Through The Distorted Lens Of Nikki 
Sixx'
        }
    },
    {'id': 32589, 'record': {'Quote': 'Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear', 'Author': 'Joseph Conrad'}},
    {
        'id': 32596,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Paradise was always over there, a day’s sail away. But it’s a funny thing, escapism. You can go far 
and wide and you can keep moving on and on through places and years, but you never escape your own life. I, finally, knew 
where my life belonged. Home.',
            'Author': 'J. Maarten Troost,  Getting Stoned with Savages: A Trip Through the Islands of Fiji and Vanuatu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32600,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is 
incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. 
Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those 
around you.",
            'Author': 'Janette Rallison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:The Soul that rises with us, our life's Star,Hath had 
elsewhere its setting,And cometh from afar:Not in entire forgetfulness,And not in utter nakedness,But trailing clouds of 
glory do we come",
            'Author': 'William Wordsworth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32625,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One minute of reconciliation is worth more than a whole life of friendship!',
            'Author': 'Gabriel Garcí\xada Márquez,  One Hundred Years of Solitude'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every sunrise is priceless and you can experience the richness that life holds only when you live 
life to the full instead of just being an onlooker.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32639,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', 
because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to 
settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something
after that realization.",
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Have a Little Faith: a True Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32641,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the 
neighbourhood of despair.Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is 
easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been
denied.',
            'Author': 'Elif Shafak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life can take so many twists and turns. You can’t ever count yourself out. Even if you’re really 
afraid at some point, you can’t think that there’s no room for you to grow and do something good with your life.',
            'Author': 'Portia de Rossi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I saw the years of my life spaced along a road in the form of telephone poles threaded together by 
wires. I counted one, two, three... nineteen telephone poles, and then the wires dangled into space, and try as I would, I 
couldn't see a single pole beyond the nineteenth.",
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Bell Jar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do, what experience tells you to do, and what your 
nerves let you do.',
            'Author': 'Walter Bagehot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32667,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You’re not a human being until you value something more than the life of your body. And the greater 
the thing you live and die for the greater you are.',
            'Author': 'Orson Scott Card,  The Worthing Chronicle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have people in my life, of course. Some write; some don't. Some read; some don't. Some stare 
vacantly into space when I talk the geeky talk and walk the geeky walk, but they make killer chocolate chip pancakes and so
all is forgiven.",
            'Author': 'Rob Thurman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32728,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to 
carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different,
working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.",
            'Author': 'Damien Rice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: precious life lessons
that can only be learned the hard way. Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.",
            'Author': 'Al Franken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You will be fine,' the fortune teller says. 'There may be decisions to make and surprises in store. 
Life takes us to unexpected places sometimes. The future is never set in stone, remember that.",
            'Author': 'Erin Morgenstern,  The Night Circus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32738,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I don’t want life to imitate art. I want life to BE art.', 'Author': 'Carrie Fisher'}
    },
    {
        'id': 32741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong 
and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk.",
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32744,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Art and life are subjective. Not everybody's gonna dig what I dig, but I reserve the right to dig 
it.",
            'Author': 'Whoopi Goldberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty 
of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life? It is other life; it is love, which gives your 
life meaning. This is harmony. We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth.',
            'Author': 'Mitsugi Saotome'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32764,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living. And you...And 
you...And you...Gotta give em hope.',
            'Author': 'Harvey Milk,  The Harvey Milk Interviews: In His Own Words'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not to be traded and conceptualized and 
squeezed into a patter of systems.',
            'Author': "Bruce Lee,  Striking Thoughts: Bruce Lee's Wisdom for Daily Living"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32789,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "They say time is money, but that's not true. Time is life. And if I want the fullest life, I need to 
find fullest time... the busyness of your life leaving little room for the source of your life...God gives us time. And who
has time for God?Which makes no sense.",
            'Author': 'Ann Voskamp,  One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She knew that what she was going through was nothing special, just garden-variety heartbreak, the 
sort of thing that poets and novelists had been writing about for hundreds of years, but she also knew, from those same 
books, that there were people who never recover form it, ones who go on through life beset by a dim and painful longing.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dunn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You once asked me if I wanted a home and a family. I didn’t think that I’d ever want one without 
Yesubai, but seeing you like that in my dream, with that little baby…yeah. I want it. I want him. I want…you. I saw him, 
and I felt…possessive and proud. I want the life that I saw in my dream more than just a little, Kells. I thought you 
should know that.',
            'Author': 'Colleen Houck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you loathe yourself, a true friend will respect your honesty. And if you’ve been fortunate in 
life, he will probably share your opinion.',
            'Author': 'Bauvard,  Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...writers are a savage breed, Mr. Strike. If you want life-long friendship and selfless camaraderie,
join the army and learn to kill. If you want a lifetime of temporary alliances with peers who will glory in your every 
failure, write novels.',
            'Author': 'Robert Galbraith,  The Silkworm'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in 
the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.",
            'Author': 'Ernestine Gilbreth Carey,  Belles on Their Toes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, 
people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.',
            'Author': 'Joanna R. Macy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32853,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32861,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Surely every one realizes, at some point along the way, that he is capable of living a far better 
life than the one he has chosen.',
            'Author': 'Henry Miller,  Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32871,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can hardly wait for tomorrow, it means a new life for me each and every day.',
            'Author': 'Stanley Kunitz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark',
            'Author': 'Stephen Hawking'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32885,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My friend, you thought you lost Him;that all your life you've been separated from Him.Filled with 
wonder, you've always looked outside for Him,and haven't searched within your own house.",
            'Author': 'Rumi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32900,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel 
important."Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.',
            'Author': 'Mary Kay Ash'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32928,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can 
choose to hate the rain or dance in it.',
            'Author': 'Joan F. Marques'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32930,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most of life is so dull it is not worth discussing, and it is dull at all ages. When we change our 
brand of cigarette, move to a new neighborhood, subscribe to a different newspaper, fall in and out of love, we are 
protesting in ways both frivolous and deep against the not to be diluted dullness of day-to-day living.',
            'Author': 'Truman Capote,  Summer Crossing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32931,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes I feel that life has passed me by... Do you ever feel that way, Charlie Brown?""I feel that
it has knocked me down and walked all over me!',
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz,  The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32932,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You gotta take chances in this life or you're alreadydead.",
            'Author': 'Megan McCafferty,  Second Helpings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you say that you never lie in life,you honestly insult my intelligence.',
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  Master of Stupidity'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32934,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my 
greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.',
            'Author': 'Ernest Hemingway,  The Sun Also Rises'
        }
    },
    {'id': 32944, 'record': {'Quote': 'How small a thought it takes to fill a life.', 'Author': 'Ludwig Wittgenstein'}},
    {'id': 32978, 'record': {'Quote': 'Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.', 'Author': 'Robert Frost'}},
    {
        'id': 32984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those who take lightly promises they make to those they love are people who find little lasting 
satisfaction in life. This is not an easy time in which to live. That does not mean that it has to be a difficult time to 
love, but it does mean that you will find unusual stresses upon your lives and your relationship.',
            'Author': 'Brandon Sanderson,  The Well of Ascension'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 32988,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No need, no, need. Life is already too short to find it.',
            'Author': 'Jessica Day George,  Princess of the Midnight Ball'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33020,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I curse in cursive. It's hard to read and harder take. But if you take it black, like coffee, then at
least it may wake you up to the realities of life.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the 
instrument as you go along.",
            'Author': 'E.M. Forster,  A Room with a View'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33037,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and 
practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that 
we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forget.',
            'Author': 'G.K. Chesterton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the 
person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.',
            'Author': 'Oliver Sacks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; And the stars never
rise but I feel the bright eyes Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the side Of my 
darling- my darling- my life and my bride, In the sepulchre there by the sea, In her tomb by the sounding sea.',
            'Author': 'Edgar Allan Poe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33087,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Since Alice had never received any religious instruction, and since she had led a blameless life, she
never thought of her awful luck as being anything but accidents in a very busy place. Good for her.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut,  Slapstick or Lonesome No More!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.",
            'Author': 'Nathan W. Morris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help 
but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I 
know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films 
I should be making.",
            'Author': 'Hayao Miyazaki'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33099,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Not in his speech, not in his thoughts, I see his greatness, only in his actions, in his life.',
            'Author': 'Hermann Hesse,  Siddhartha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Learn to drive?""Never,"said Quentin. "My mission in life is to be a passenger.',
            'Author': "Diana Wynne Jones,  Archer's Goon"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33113,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life 
hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.",
            'Author': 'Jaycee Dugard,  A Stolen Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33130,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A person is a person through other persons.None of us comes into the world fully formed. We would not
know how to think, or walk, or speak, or behave as human beings unless we learned it from other human beings. We need other
human beings in order to be human. I am because other people are. A person is entitled to a stable community life, and the 
first of these communities is the family.',
            'Author': 'Desmond Tutu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a sandwich!Birth as one slice,and death as the other.What you put in-between the slices 
is up to you.Is your sandwich tasty or sour?Allan Rufus.org',
            'Author': 'Allan Rufus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33153,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each 
lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a 
day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered.',
            'Author': 'Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you and I are to live religious lives, it mustn't be that we talk a lot about religion, but that 
our manner of life is different. It is my belief that only if you try to be helpful to other people will you in the end 
find your way to God.",
            'Author': 'Ludwig Wittgenstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33160,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One does not surrender a life in an instant. That which is lifelong can only be surrendered in a 
lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Elisabeth Elliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33172,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use.',
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33173,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment 
when I was close to that. But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.',
            'Author': 'Gerard Way'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33180,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "if i'm going to fuck up my life, does it really matter which way i do it?.",
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Salem Falls'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33181,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want to be a grocer, or a general, or a politician, or a judge, you will invariably become it;
that is your punishment. If you never know what you want to be, if you live what some might call the dynamic life but what 
I will call the artistic life, if each day you are unsure of who you are and what you know you will never become anything, 
and that is your reward.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Most of us won't see one another after graduation, and even if we do it will be different. We'll be 
different. We'll be adults--cured, tagged and labeled and paired and identified and placed neatly on our life path, 
perfectly round marbles set to roll down even, well-defined slopes.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Delirium'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33187,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The thing is, you can’t always have the best of everything. Because for a life to be real, you need 
it all: good and bad, beach and concrete, the familiar and the unknown, big talkers and small towns.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  The Moon and More'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and 
what it brings',
            'Author': 'Arthur Rubinstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33196,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We're not alone--at least, we're alone only if we choose to be alone. We're alone only if we choose 
to go through life relying solely on our own strength rather than learning to draw upon the power of God.",
            'Author': "Sheri Dew,  If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either
in life or after death.',
            'Author': 'Socrates'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33219,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Such was a poet and shall be and is-who'll solve the depths of horror to defend a sunbeam's 
architecture with his life: and carve immortal jungles of despair to hold a mountain's heartbeat in his hand.",
            'Author': 'E.E. Cummings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33225,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Writing is a dog’s life, but the only one worth living.', 'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert'}
    },
    {
        'id': 33242,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Desire is half of life; indifference is half of death.',
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran,  Sand and Foam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33244,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles. Structurally, there's no 
discernible difference. Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts. Why should I be concerned?",
            'Author': 'Alan Moore,  Watchmen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33247,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And I'll tell her that I don't want my life to be samples and scraps. A taste of everything but a 
meal of nothing.",
            'Author': 'Ally Condie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33249,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and 
think, 'That was fine'. And your life is a long line of fine.",
            'Author': 'Gillian Flynn,  Gone Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33255,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The irony of life is that those who wear masks often tell us more truths than those with open 
faces.',
            'Author': 'Marie Lu,  The Rose Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is fair. We all get the same nine-month shake in the box, and then the dice roll. Some people 
get a run of sevens. Some people, unfortunately, get snake-eyes. Its just how the world is.',
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  Full Dark, No Stars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33260,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But life isn't something that should be edited. Life shouldn't be cut. The only way you'll ever 
discover what it truly means to be alive and human is by sharing the full experience of what it means to be human and each 
blemish and freckle that comes with it.",
            'Author': 'Iain Thomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33261,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Anything that doesn't take years of your life and drive you to suicide hardly seems worth doing.",
            'Author': 'Cormac McCarthy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33262,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not live in the shadow of the masters for ever. Learn to live in the light of your soul. Life 
deserves full expression.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33267,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. It is
no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal 
exception in Human Life.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  Atlas Shrugged'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33295,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm done. I don't need anything more out of life. I have you, and that's enough.",
            'Author': 'Alessandra Torre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33317,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.',
            'Author': 'Ludwig van Beethoven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The 
shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or 
fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.",
            'Author': 'S.L. Jennings,  Fear of Falling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33324,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He knew these last lines by heart and mouthed them now in the darkness. My reason for life. Not 
living, but life. That was the touch. And she was his reason for life, and why he must survive.',
            'Author': 'Ian McEwan,  Atonement'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33327,
        'record': {'Quote': "Learning the truth has become my life's love.", 'Author': 'Dan Brown,  The Da Vinci Code'}
    },
    {
        'id': 33333,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Maybe getting around in life was nothing but map-reading. A skill that required practice. A key to 
unlock where you wanted to go. A legend to show where you were.',
            'Author': 'Justina Chen,  North of Beautiful'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33337,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those 
born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.',
            'Author': 'H.P. Lovecraft'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33344,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.Love is Life, Hatred is 
Death.',
            'Author': 'Swami Vivekananda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on,
and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin 
up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.",
            'Author': 'Marilyn Monroe,  Marilyn: Her Life in Her Own Words'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Failing sucks. But it\'s better than the alternative.""Which is?""Not even trying."Now he did look at
me, straight on. "Life\'s short, you know?',
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  Along for the Ride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The trouble with writing fiction is that it has to make sense, whereas real life doesn't.",
            'Author': 'Iain M. Banks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33383,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's life for you. Spend the best years of your life studying penmanship and rhetoric and syntax 
and Beowulf and George Eliot, and then somebody steals your pencil.",
            'Author': 'Dorothy Parker,  The Portable Dorothy Parker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't know the meaning of life. I don't know why we are here. I think life is full of anxieties and
fears and tears. It has a lot of grief in it, and it can be very grim. And I do not want to be the one who tries to tell 
somebody else what life is all about. To me it's a complete mystery.",
            'Author': 'Charles M. Schulz,  Charles M. Schulz: Conversations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33414,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That\'s life for you,"said MacDunn. "Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always 
someone loving some thing more than that thing loves them. And after a while you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so
it can\'t hurt you no more.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury,  The Fog Horn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What will be left of all the fearing and wanting associated with your problematic life situation that
every day takes up most of your attention? A dash, one or two inches long, between the date of birth and date of death on 
your gravestone.',
            'Author': 'Eckhart Tolle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33420,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is hell, at some point we all just have to get used to it.',
            'Author': 'Alysha Speer,  Sharden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33438,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {'id': 33469, 'record': {'Quote': 'Sing your life; any fool can think of words that rhyme.', 'Author': 'Morrissey'}},
    {
        'id': 33476,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You’re my best friend,You’re my love,You’re my life.I can’t wait tomake youmy wife!Love, Ryan',
            'Author': 'Tina Reber,  Love Unrehearsed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Patience is a virtue and the best things in life are worth waiting for.',
            'Author': 'Julie Spira,  The Perils of Cyber-Dating: Confessions of a Hopeful Romantic Looking for Love Online'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33507,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want to state upfront, unequivocally and without doubt: I do not believe that any racial, ethnic or
gender group has an advantage in sound judging. I do believe that every person has an equal opportunity to be a good and 
wise judge, regardless of their background or life experiences.',
            'Author': 'Sonia Sotomayor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33515,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. In the final analysis, that was what 
solved these big problems of life. You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. That 
brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin.',
            'Author': "Alexander McCall Smith,  The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33518,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Things Happen and once they start happening you pretty much just to hold on for dear life and see 
where they drop you when they stop.',
            'Author': 'Meg Rosoff,  How I Live Now'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No matter where life takes me, you'll find me with a smile. Presumed to be happy, always laughing 
like a child. I never thought life could be this sweet! It's got me cheesing from cheek to cheek!",
            'Author': 'Mac Miller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Now I'm told this is life, and pain's just a simple compromise.",
            'Author': 'Hayley Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.',
            'Author': 'George Orwell,  Animal Farm'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33533,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of 
things.',
            'Author': 'William Wordsworth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33543,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Marriage becomes hard work once you have poured the entirety of your life’s expectations for 
happiness into the hands of one mere person. Keeping that going is hard work.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Gilbert,  Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33552,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "God isn't about making good things happen to you, or bad things happen to you. He's all about you 
making choices--exercising the gift of free will. God wants you to have good things and a good life, but He won't gift wrap
them for you. You have to choose the actions that lead you to that life.",
            'Author': 'Jim Butcher'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33555,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the inescapable encumbrances of leading an interesting life is that there have to be moments 
when you almost lose it.',
            'Author': 'Jimmy Buffett,  A Pirate Looks at Fifty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33559,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Farewell is said by the living, in life, every day. It is said with love and friendship, with the 
affirmation that the memories are lasting if the flesh is not.',
            'Author': 'R.A. Salvatore,  The Legacy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’m not aspiring to be someone else – If I’m me for the rest of my life then so be it',
            'Author': 'Terry Lander,  Life Through the Eyes of an Insider: 101 Poems to Help You Understand Life Better'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33606,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is neither static nor unchanging. With no individuality, there can be no change, no adaptation 
and, in an inherently changing world, any species unable to adapt is also doomed.',
            'Author': 'Jean M. Auel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The purpose of life is to discover your gift. The meaning of life is to give your gift away.',
            'Author': 'David Viscott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33631,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Why not let people differ about their answers to the great mysteries of the Universe? Let each seek 
one's own way to the highest, to one's own sense of supreme loyalty in life, one's ideal of life. Let each philosophy, each
world-view bring forth its truth and beauty to a larger perspective, that people may grow in vision, stature and 
dedication.",
            'Author': 'Algernon Black'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.(John 11:25-26)',
            'Author': 'Anonymous,  Holy Bible: King James Version'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33684,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As we live and as we are, Simplicity - with a capital "S"- is difficult to comprehend nowadays. We 
are no longer truly simple. We no longer live in simple terms or places. Life is a more complex struggle now. It is now 
valiant to be simple: a courageous thing to even want to be simple. It is a spiritual thing to comprehend what simplicity 
means.',
            'Author': 'Frank Lloyd Wright,  The Natural House'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Know that the same spark of life that is within you, is within all of our animal friends, the desire 
to live is the same within all of us...',
            'Author': 'Rai Aren,  Secret of the Sands'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33687,
        'record': {'Quote': "If you have nothing in life but a good friend, you're rich.", 'Author': 'Michelle Kwan'}
    },
    {
        'id': 33688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the 
holiest of words are only words.',
            'Author': 'Ming-Dao Deng'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But, in her life, nothing was going to happen. Such was the will of God! The future was a dark 
corridor, and at the far end the door was bolted.',
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert,  Madame Bovary'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33693,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one 
little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.",
            'Author': 'Lynn Austin,  Candle in the Darkness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33756,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You're only human. You live once and life is wonderful so eat the damn red velvet cupcake!",
            'Author': 'Emma Stone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33776,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Books wrote our life story, and as they accumulated on our shelves (and on our windowsills, and 
underneath our sofa, and on top of our refrigerator), they became chapters in it themselves.',
            'Author': 'Anne Fadiman,  Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33782,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.",
            'Author': 'Pitbull'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33787,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Always have a sense of humor about life - you'll need it - but always be courteous to boot.",
            'Author': 'Peter Jennings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm a completely worthless woman and no man should risk his life for me.",
            'Author': 'Greta Garbo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's just a bunch of accidents, connected by one perfect end.",
            'Author': 'Daniel C. Tomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not forget that the value and interest of life is not so much to do conspicuous things...as to do 
ordinary things with the perception of their enormous value.',
            'Author': 'Pierre Teilhard de Chardin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.',
            'Author': 'Alexandre Dumas,  The Three Musketeers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33797,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In a dog's life, some plaster would fall, some cushions would open, some rugs would shred. Like any 
relationship, this one had its costs. They were costs we came to accept and balance against the joy and amusement and 
protection and companionship he gave us.",
            'Author': "John Grogan,  Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33798,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The demon that you can swallow gives you its power, and the greater life’s pain, the greater life’s 
reply.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell,  The Power of Myth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you
love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in 
the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power
in that, and hope.',
            'Author': 'Emily Maguire,  Taming the Beast'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33803,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Small mistakes tend to lead to large ones. Ours is a lifetime appoinment, and all you have is your 
reputation. Once it's gone, it doesn't comeback.",
            'Author': 'David Baldacci,  The Simple Truth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full 
of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the
mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.",
            'Author': 'Temitope Owosela'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And for a moment―for a split second―everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my 
life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.',
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Hana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My heart leaps up when I beholdA rainbow in the sky:So was it when my life began;So is it now I am a 
man;',
            'Author': 'William Wordsworth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33846,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He who does not reflect his life back to God in gratitude does not know himself.',
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer,  Reverence for Life: The Words of Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33874,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.',
            'Author': 'Vernon Howard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33878,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is but a memory Happened long ago. Theatre full of sadness For a long forgotten show.',
            'Author': 'Nick Drake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33886,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In this lifetime you're nothing more than you appear to be: a stupid, selfish, ignorant, spoiled 
little girl who thinks the world lives or dies on whether she gets to go out with some good-looking boy at school...I'd 
still relish this moment...killing you.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Kate'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old...- Wang Lung",
            'Author': 'Pearl S. Buck,  The Good Earth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33902,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And then, despite everything, I smiled and looked at the note and knew that spring would come —it 
always does. so I stared out that cold window, watching my breath collect on the glass, trying not to think about my life 
after the thaw.',
            'Author': "Ally Carter,  Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33922,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has
no significance or hope.',
            'Author': 'Rick Warren,  The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33942,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Romance is the deepest thing in life. It is deeper than reality.',
            'Author': 'G.K. Chesterton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33947,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do you have any advice for your readers?Lead the life that’s yours instead of faking someone 
else’s.',
            'Author': 'Sandy Nathan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33952,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I could never work out whether we were to view religion as a life-insurance policy or a life 
sentence. I can understand a wrathful God who'd just as soon dangle us all from a hook. And I can understand a tender, 
unprejudiced Jesus. But I could never quite feature the two of them living in the same house. You wind up walking on 
eggshells, never knowing which... is at home at the moment.",
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33962,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Any book which inspires us to lead a better life is a good book.',
            'Author': 'Fulton J. Sheen,  The Quotable Fulton Sheen: A Topical Compilation of the Wit, Wisdom, and Satire of
Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33970,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Timing has always been a key element in my life. I have been blessed to have been in the right place 
at the right time.',
            'Author': 'Buzz Aldrin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33977,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.', 'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'}
    },
    {
        'id': 33984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not writing, as the
spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living,
dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing- singing, laughing, learning.',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 33995,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fear is how you lose your life...a little bit at a time...What we give to fear, we take away 
from...faith.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The First Phone Call from Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34017,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The worst part of writing fiction is the fear of wasting your life behind a keyboard. The idea that, 
dying, you'll realize you only lived on paper. Your only adventures were make-believe, and while the world fought and 
kissed, you sat in some dark room masturbating and making money.",
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Stranger than Fiction'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have a Rubik’s Cube for a heart, and my love for you is no puzzle. Through twists and spins, life 
can only get more colorful.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34036,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes the door closes on a relationship, not because we failed but because something bigger than 
us says this no longer fits our life. So, lock the door, shed a tear, turn around and look for the new door that's opened. 
It's a sign that you're no longer that person you were, it's time to change into who you are. It's going to be okay.",
            'Author': 'Lee Goff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34038,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The wind is my favorite color. It reminds me of the love she painted on my life as she blew past 
me.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34053,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After climbing off his bike, I smacked his shoulder. “Did you forget I was with you? Are you trying 
to get me killed?”“It’s hard to forget you’re behind me when your thighs are squeezing the life out of me.” A smirk came 
with his next thought. “I couldn’t think of a better way to die, actually.”“There is something very wrong with you.',
            'Author': 'Jamie McGuire,  Beautiful Disaster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34063,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every intelligent being, whether it breathes or not, coughs nervously at some time in its life.',
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  The Color of Magic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34066,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted to cry because I needed you there with me so bad. I knew in that moment that I was in love 
with you. I was in love with the way you loved me. When you wrapped your arms around me and held me, I knew that no matter 
what happened with my life, you were my home. You stole the biggest piece of my heart that night.',
            'Author': 'Colleen Hoover,  Hopeless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34068,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life lived in the absence of the psychedelic experience that primordial shamanism is based on is life
trivialized, life denied, life enslaved to the ego.',
            'Author': 'Terence McKenna'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34090,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it 
may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop 
worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.',
            'Author': 'Robertson Davies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in 
these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like 
happiness.",
            'Author': 'Ian McEwan,  Saturday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34105,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My coffee gets increasingly better the more I drink and the closer I come to the bottom of the cup, 
where all the sugar is. I wonder if life is the same way as we approach the end.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Has No Title'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34108,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, 
they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of 
things have been worth it!",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But no one can predict of a certainty what will happen. And none of it will change how I intend to 
spend the rest of my life. I will live it on my terms. And you... you can have all of me or nothing. I won't be an invalid 
any longer. Not even if it means losing you.",
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Seduce Me at Sunrise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We come together, we create our families, we chose our mates out of the desire to form a life 
together. Love takes many forms, wears many faces, but when it's real, when it touches your heart, you will know it 
and--with hope--embrace it. Love is stronger than hate, love is stronger than anger. Love is stronger than all artificial 
divisions that exist n our world.",
            'Author': 'Yasmine Galenorn,  Demon Mistress'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The home is the first and most effective place to learn the lessons of life: truth, honor, virtue, 
self control, the value of education, honest work, and the purpose and privilege of life. Nothing can take the place of 
home in rearing and teaching children, and no other success can compensate for failure in the home.',
            'Author': 'David O. McKay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34142,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is hard, and a lot of people come home tired from work. If they're gonna spend half an hour 
reading, they want some entertainment and a sense of achievement. So that's what I give them. That's all I'm trying to do. 
Is that really so wrong?",
            'Author': 'James Patterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34148,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life keeps throwing me curve balls and I don't even own a bat. At least my dodging skills are 
improving.",
            'Author': 'Jayleigh Cape'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34153,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can’t control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will 
look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can’t do anything about that. The only thing you 
can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else',
            'Author': 'Marie Sexton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34155,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the end, perhaps we should simply imagine a joke; a long joke that's continually retold in an 
accent too thick and strange to ever be completely understood. Life is that joke my friends. The soul is the punch line.",
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34156,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a train that stops at no stations; you either jump abroad or stand on the platform and watch 
as it passes.',
            'Author': 'Yasmina Khadra,  Ce que le jour doit à la nuit'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34161,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, 
especially those you love.',
            'Author': 'Jordan Belfort'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34169,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Noble and great. Courageous and determined. Faithful and fearless. That is who you are and who you 
have always been. And understanding it can change your life, because this knowledge carries a confidence that cannot be 
duplicated any other way.',
            'Author': 'Sheri Dew'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34174,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everybody in this life has their challenges and difficulties. That is part of our mortal test. The 
reason for some of these trials cannot be readily understood except on the basis of faith and hope because there is often a
larger purpose which we do not always understand. Peace comes through hope.',
            'Author': 'James E. Faust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34188,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Control of consciousness determines the quality of life.',
            'Author': 'Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi,  Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be careful whom you choose to love. This decision will impact your future life and happiness in ways 
you cannot yet imagine.',
            'Author': 'Toni Coleman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34208,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes Hen...I think I would give my life just for one of your smiles.',
            'Author': 'Julia Quinn,  Minx'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34215,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being a role model is the most powerful form of educating...too often fathers neglect it because they
get so caught up in making a living they forget to make a life.',
            'Author': 'John Wooden,  Wooden: A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections On and Off the Court'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34232,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her; but once they are in hand, he or she alone 
must decide how to play the cars in order to win the game.',
            'Author': 'Voltaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Some people think football [soccer] is a matter of life and death. I don't like that attitude. I can 
assure them it is much more serious than that.",
            'Author': 'Bill Shankly'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34264,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're 
supposed to take. But if there was one thing she'd learned in the past few weeks, it was that sometimes, when you're really
lucky, you meet someone with a map.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Addison Allen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34269,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No more let life divide what death can join together.',
            'Author': 'Percy Bysshe Shelley,  Adonais'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only thing that stands between a person and what they want in life is the will to try it and the 
faith to believe it is possible.',
            'Author': 'Rich DeVos'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They feel life is for the taking, and that everyone deserves happiness no matter what the cost. I 
must remember these tricks if I ever decide to have my soul surgically removed.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Finnamore,  Split: A Memoir of Divorce'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If she had learned anything in the past weeks it was that there was enough to be ashamed of in the 
course of a messy human life without being ashamed of loving someone.',
            'Author': 'Shannon McKenna,  Behind Closed Doors'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34324,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if...You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you 
surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day...You pay attention to what you 
feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  The Power of One'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34331,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' 
instead.",
            'Author': 'Heather Vogel Frederick,  Pies & Prejudice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34336,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There really is only one ending to any story. Human life ends in death. Until then, it keeps going 
and gets complicated and there's loss. Everything involves loss; every relationship ends in one way or another.",
            'Author': 'Charlie Kaufman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34338,
        'record': {'Quote': 'That is life... to begin again when everything is lost!', 'Author': 'A.J. Cronin'}
    },
    {
        'id': 34341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a time in life when you expect the world to be always full of new things. And then comes a 
day when you realise that is not how it will be at all. You see that life will become a thing made of holes. Absences. 
Losses. Things that were there and are no longer. And you realise, too, that you have to grow around and between the gaps, 
[...]',
            'Author': 'Helen Macdonald,  H is for Hawk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our great human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul,
liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.',
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins,  Wild Ducks Flying Backward'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Because sometimes there are problems bigger than this week’s end of the world and sometimes you just 
have to find the extraordinary in your ordinary life.',
            'Author': 'Patrick Ness,  The Rest of Us Just Live Here'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sacrfice,"the captain said. "You made one. I made one. We all made them. But you were angry over 
yours. You kept thinking about what you lost. You didn\'t get it. Sacrifice is a part of life. It\'s supposed to be. It\'s 
not something to regret. It\'s something to aspire to.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34416,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is only one success-to be able to spend life in your own way.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Morley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34419,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'These are not books, lumps of lifeless paper, but minds alive on the shelves. From each of them goes 
out its own voice... and just as the touch of a button on our set will fill the room with music, so by taking down one of 
these volumes and opening it, one can call into range the voice of a man far distant in time and space, and hear him 
speaking to us, mind to mind, heart to heart.',
            'Author': 'Gilbert Highet,  The Immortal Profession'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's a big theme in my life, learning about myself and being a better person. I'm a work in progress;
I have revelations every day.",
            'Author': 'Rick Rubin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34429,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love and to work and to play and to look up at the
stars.',
            'Author': 'Henry Van Dyke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34430,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you 
die.',
            'Author': 'Lorrie Moore,  Anagrams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "How can one change one's entire life and build a new one on one moment of love? And yet, that's what 
you make me want to close my eyes and do.",
            'Author': 'Greta Garbo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34442,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, 
there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.",
            'Author': 'David Levithan,  The Realm of Possibility'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34444,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing
on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your 
intent.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34452,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The best parts of life are the things we can't plan. And it's a lot harder to find happiness if 
you're only searching in one place. Sometimes, you just have to throw away the map. Admit that you don't know where you're 
going and stop pressuring yourself to figure it out. Besides...a map is a life someone else already lived. It's more fun to
make your own.",
            'Author': 'Cora Carmack,  Finding It'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If only they would all just leave me alone with my books and my letters, I would be content to let 
life, and the world pass me by',
            'Author': 'Alison Weir,  Innocent Traitor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34462,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I didn't need to understand the hypostatic unity of the Trinity; I just needed to turn my life over 
to whoever came up with redwood trees.",
            'Author': 'Anne Lamott,  Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The night has a thousand eyes,And the day but one; Yet the light of the bright world dies With the 
dying sun. The mind has a thousand eyes, And the heart but one: Yet the light of a whole life dies When love is done.',
            'Author': 'Francis William Bourdillon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34484,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It hurt, remembering. Hurt because there was so much I'd done, so much I'd yet to do. In so many 
different ways, I now realized, not remembering had been a blessing. A brief respite in the twisted bloody mess that my 
life had become.But at least I knew who I was.",
            'Author': 'Keri Arthur,  Destiny Kills'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34495,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you,
that you didn't know about yourself.",
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34515,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would rather have 30 minutes of "wonderful"than a lifetime of nothing special.',
            'Author': 'Julia L. Roberts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Very often in everyday life one sees that by losing one's temper with someone who has already lost 
his, one does not gain anything but only sets out upon the path of stupidity. He who has enough self-control to stand firm 
at the moment when the other person is in a temper, wins in the end. It is not he who has spoken a hundred words aloud who 
has won; it is he who has perhaps spoken only one word.",
            'Author': 'Hazrat Inayat Khan,  Mastery through Accomplishment'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday 
existence. It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order. It is 
essentially a worship of the Imperfect, as it is a tender attempt to accomplish something possible in this impossible thing
we know as life.',
            'Author': 'Okakura Kakuzō,  The Book of Tea'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34547,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'IF her life had taught her anything, it was that you never really knew what people had going on 
beneath the surface. People were shit. The only difference between them and animals was people felt the need to hide it.',
            'Author': 'Stacia Kane,  Unholy Ghosts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't play with my life by talking bullshit.I might have some chances in this bitchy life,but I've 
got only one fuckin' chance to give...my best shot.",
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34550,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nin knew how much humans loved money, riches, and material things—though he never really could 
understand why. The more technologically advanced the human species got, the more isolated they seemed to become, at the 
same time. It was alarming, how humans could spend entire lifetimes engaged in all kinds of activities, without getting any
closer to knowing who they really were, inside.',
            'Author': 'Jess C. Scott,  The Other Side of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.',
            'Author': 'Gregory Peck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I always thought when I got older that God would sort of come into my life in some way. He didn't. I 
don't blame him. If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does.",
            'Author': 'Cormac McCarthy,  No Country For Old Men'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34610,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For me an object is something living. This cigarette or this box of matches contains a secret life 
much more intense than that of certain human beings.',
            'Author': 'Joan Miro'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had a dream about you. You were lost in a daydream, when I walked in and you began screaming. But I
know that could never actually happen. In real life I only enter people’s nightmares.',
            'Author': 'Bauvard,  I Had a Dream About You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34636,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Remember that life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our
breath away!',
            'Author': 'Vicki Corona,  Tahitian Choreographies: Intermediate to Advanced Level Female Instruction'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34637,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The fact that a cloud from a minor volcanic eruption in Iceland—a small disturbance in the complex 
mechanism of life on the Earth—can bring to a standstill the aerial traffic over an entire continent is a reminder of how, 
with all its power to transform nature, humankind remains just another species on the planet Earth.',
            'Author': 'Slavoj Žižek'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34640,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '…when writing, always hook the reader with your first sentence…in love, never settle…value yourself 
first and this will help you to value others…life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest…everyone in the world is different, 
and that’s ok…',
            'Author': 'Spider Robinson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm so popular in life that valets are already starting to park the cars lined up for my funeral, 
which is expected sometime late 2082. #OutBoastKanye",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34683,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Then i imagined a lifetime of having to cry to get him to be kind, and I went back to no again.',
            'Author': 'Mary Ann Shaffer,  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If anyone says that the best life of all is to sail the sea, and then adds that I must not sail upon 
a sea where shipwrecks are a common occurrence and there are often sudden storms that sweep the helmsman in an adverse 
direction, I conclude that this man, although he lauds navigation, really forbids me to launch my ship.',
            'Author': 'Seneca,  The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34721,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,But life without meaning is the tortureOf 
restlessness and vague desire--It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.",
            'Author': 'Edgar Lee Masters,  Spoon River Anthology'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34728,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you\'re so relieved. 
I woke up into a nightmare.""And what is that nightmare, Craig?""Life.',
            'Author': "Ned Vizzini,  It's Kind of a Funny Story"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Like anybody, I would like to have a long life. Longevity has its place. But I'm not concerned about 
that now. I just want to do God's will.",
            'Author': 'Martin Luther King Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes just the tiniest allocation of time spent with a friend, imprints on your mind and gives 
you something to smile about for the rest of the week, month, or your life!',
            'Author': 'Marcia Lynn McClure'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The shape of my life is, of course, determined by many things; my background and childhood, my mind 
and its education, my conscience and its pressures, my heart and its desires.',
            'Author': 'Anne Morrow Lindbergh,  Gift from the Sea'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34735,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be an outlaw you must first have a base in law to reject and get out of, I never had such a base. 
I never had a place I could call home that meant any more than a key to a house, apartment or hotel room. … Am I alien? 
Alien from what exactly? Perhaps my home is my dream city, more real than my waking life precisely because it has no 
relation to waking life…',
            'Author': 'William S. Burroughs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34743,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "... just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic... See, they have a 
beautiful life.",
            'Author': 'Lisa Genova,  Still Alice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34752,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is life too short to be taking this shit, or is life too short to be minding it?',
            'Author': 'Violet Weingarten'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34754,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't want to be the one who says life is beautiful. I want to be the one who feels it.",
            'Author': 'Marty Rubin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34758,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing 
to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.",
            'Author': 'Brian Tracy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you have done something meritorious, you experience pleasure and happiness; if wrong things, 
suffering. A happy or unhappy life is your own creation. Nobody else is responsible. If you remember this, you won’t find 
fault with anybody. You are your own best friend as well as your worst enemy. (99)',
            'Author': 'Swami Satchidananda,  The Yoga Sutras'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34765,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "With one long breath, caught and held in his chest, he fought his sadness over his solitary life. 
Don't cry, you idiot! Live or die, but don't poison everything...",
            'Author': 'Saul Bellow,  Herzog'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Long dormant feelings poured through my dried-up limbs and wound through me, slowly filling the 
emptiness. Like an irrigated field, I felt myself blossom and grow with new vigor. He was the sun, and the tenderness he 
showed me was life-giving water.',
            'Author': 'Colleen Houck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I want to replace my knees with miniature Rube Goldberg machines. That way you'll know how difficult 
it is for me to simply walk out of your life.",
            'Author': "Jarod Kintz,  I Want Two apply for a job at our country's largest funeral home, and then wear a suit
and noose to the job interview."
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34812,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.',
            'Author': 'Julius Caesar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love expands your soul with something inexplicably fulfilling. If you die without ever having 
experienced it, you will miss life's only true joy",
            'Author': 'Adele Ashworth,  Winter Garden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34821,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Just because you're scarred for life doesn't mean you should be scared to live.",
            'Author': 'Brian Celio'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34822,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Heaven is an idea constructed by man to help him cope with the fact that life on earth is both 
brutally short and, paradoxically, far too long.',
            'Author': 'Andrew Davidson,  The Gargoyle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34824,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I look back to where my life had been. It's always risky to think of letting go. That's why this is 
the perfect ending. Nothing left to reconcile.",
            'Author': 'Loretta Ellsworth,  In a Heartbeat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34836,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Only those are fit to live who do not fear to die; and none are fit to die who have shrunk from the 
joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same Great Adventure.',
            'Author': 'Theodore Roosevelt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34844,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is a journey, not a destination; there are no mistakes, just chances we've taken.",
            'Author': 'India.Arie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So come to the pond, or the river of your imagination, or the harbor of your longing,and put your 
lips to the world.And live your life.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  Red Bird'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34908,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and 
everlasting.",
            'Author': 'Graham Swift,  Tomorrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life of every individual, viewed as a whole and in general, and when only its most significant 
features are emphasized, is really a tragedy; but gone through in detail it has the character of a comedy.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Schopenhauer,  The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe marriage, like life, isn't only about the big moments, whether they be good or bad. Maybe it's 
all the small things—like being guided slowly forward, surely, day after day—that stretches out to strengthen even the most
tenuous bond.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  This Lullaby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34938,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is dear to every living thing; the worm that crawls upon the ground will struggle for it.',
            'Author': 'Solomon Northup,  Twelve Years a Slave'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Lena knew she had spent too much of her life in a state of passive dread, just waiting for something 
bad to happen. In a life like that, relief was as close as you got to happiness.',
            'Author': 'Ann Brashares,  The Second Summer of the Sisterhood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I 
have stars to wish on and people to still love.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest.',
            'Author': 'John Bytheway'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34965,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should 
realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the
power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced 
with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.',
            'Author': "Ellen DeGeneres,  Seriously... I'm Kidding"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34977,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death? Why all this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! 
Death is the essential condition to life, not an evil.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Perkins Gilman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nevertheless, life and death are mysterious states, and we know little of the resources of either.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu,  Carmilla'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.',
            'Author': 'Erin Hunter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 34993,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '\u200e"If there is no God, then man and the universe are doomed. Like prisoners condemned to death, 
we await our unavoidable execution. There is no God, and there is no immortality. And what is the consequence of this? It 
means that life itself is absurd. It means that the life we have is without ultimate significance, value, or purpose.',
            'Author': 'William Lane Craig,  Reasonable Faith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What is the purpose of writing? For me personally, it is really to explain the mystery of life, and 
the mystery of life includes, of course, the personal, the political, the forces that make us what we are while there's 
another force from inside battling to make us something else.",
            'Author': 'Nadine Gordimer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35031,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. 
Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.',
            'Author': 'Dale Carnegie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35035,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Two young actresses I admire are Emma Stone and Emma Watson, because they are intelligent, talented 
actresses and have a great sense of humor. They have learned to balance what they love in life - acting, school and 
everything else.',
            'Author': 'Kara Hayward'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35036,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you’d always be as 
ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It’s growth. It’s more than the negative that you’re
going to die, it’s also the positive that you understand you’re going to die, and that you live a better life because of 
it.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35037,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes it seemed to him that his life was delicate as a dandelion. One little puff from any 
direction, and it was blown to bits.',
            'Author': 'Katherine Paterson,  Bridge to Terabithia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35044,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All paths are the same: they lead nowhere. ... Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is 
good; if it doesn't, it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere; but one has a heart, the other doesn't. One makes for a 
joyful journey; as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life. One makes you 
strong; the other weakens you.",
            'Author': 'Carlos Castaneda,  The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35069,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.',
            'Author': 'Wallace Stegner,  The Spectator Bird'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become
better by making other lives better.",
            'Author': 'Will Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35087,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, 
never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another 
chance.',
            'Author': 'Jeanette Winterson,  Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you 
forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35103,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being human means throwing your whole life on the scales of destiny when need be, all the while 
rejoicing in every sunny day and every beautiful cloud.',
            'Author': 'Rosa Luxemburg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35130,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is a common condition of being poor...you are always afraid that the good things in your life are 
temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.',
            'Author': 'Rick Bragg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life, it turns out, goes on. There is no cosmic rule that grants you immunity from the details just 
because you have come face-to-face with a catastrophe. The garbage can still overflow, the bills arrive in the mail, 
telemarketers, interrupt dinner.',
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Perfect Match'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That is the challenge Companion. To take what has happened to you and learn from it. Nothing is quite
so destructive as pity, especially self-pity. No event in life is so terrible that one cannot rise above it.',
            'Author': 'Robin Hobb,  Ship of Destiny'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the 
difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes 
wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the 
world needs you to change it.',
            'Author': 'Sheryl Sandberg,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35185,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35212,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I planned my death carefully, unlike my life, which meandered along from one thing to another, 
despite my feeble attempts to control it.',
            'Author': 'Margaret Atwood,  Lady Oracle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35226,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Parting is inevitably painful, even for a short time. It's like an amputation, I feel a limb is being
torn off, without which I shall be unable to function. And yet, once it is done... life rushes back into the void, richer, 
more vivid and fuller than before.",
            'Author': 'Anne Morrow Lindbergh'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.',
            'Author': 'Robert Louis Stevenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35270,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To win the big stakes in this changed world, you must catch the spirit of the great pioneers of the 
past, whose dreams have given to civilization all that it has of value, the spirit that serves as the life-blood of our own
country – your opportunity and mine, to develop and market our talents.',
            'Author': 'Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.',
            'Author': 'Charlie Chaplin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35289,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes, love brings you together even as life keeps you apart.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  The First Phone Call from Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35291,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I never went home, what exactly would I be missing? I pictured my cold cavernous house, my 
friendless town full of bad memories, the utterly unremarkable life that had been mapped out for me. It had never once 
occurred to me, I realized, to refuse it.',
            'Author': 'Ransom Riggs,  Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35292,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s funny how you can live somewhere your whole life, but not really see it.',
            'Author': 'Kami Garcia,  Beautiful Creatures'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the end,The treasure of life is missed by those who hold on and gained by those who let go.',
            'Author': 'Lao Tzu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35303,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell,  A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live your life, no matter what that life is.',
            'Author': 'Corey Taylor,  Seven Deadly Sins: Settling the Argument Between Born Bad and Damaged Good'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35314,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All men are created equal. It is what you do from there that makes the difference. We are all free 
agents in life. We make our own decisions. We control our own destiny.',
            'Author': 'Glenn Beck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35338,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God is not an employer looking for employees. He is an Eagle looking for people who will take refuge 
under his wings. He is looking for people who will leave father and mother and homeland or anything else that may hold them
back from a life of love under the wings of Jesus.',
            'Author': 'John Piper,  A Sweet and Bitter Providence: Sex, Race, and the Sovereignty of God'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35346,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't even enjoy a blade of grass unless I know there's a subway handy, or a record store or some 
other sign that people do not totally regret life. It's more important to confirm the least sincere. The clouds get enough 
attention as it is...",
            'Author': "Frank O'Hara"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I look for you in every life, but I don't always find you. And sometimes I find you too late.",
            'Author': 'Kirsten Miller,  The Eternal Ones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This is why I'm here on this planet, at this time, Francesca. Not to travel or make pictures, but to 
love you. I know that now. I have been falling from the rim of a great, high place, somewhere back in time, for many more 
years than I have lived in this life. And through all of those years, I have been falling toward you.",
            'Author': 'Robert James Waller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35373,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'College is the best time of your life. When else are your parents going to spend several thousand 
dollars a year just for you to go to a strange town and get drunk every night?',
            'Author': 'David Wood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you have read 6,000 books in your lifetime, or even 600, it's probably because at some level you 
find 'reality' a bit of a disappointment.",
            'Author': 'Joe Queenan,  One for the Books'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'At moments when life is at its worst there are two things you can do: 1.) break down,lose hope and 
refuse to go on while lying face down on the ground banging your fists and kicking your legs, or 2.) laugh. Bobby and I did
the latter.',
            'Author': 'Cecelia Ahern'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The flesh surrenders itself. Eternity takes back its own. Our bodies stirred these waters briefly, 
danced with a certain intoxication before the love of life and self, dealt with a few strange ideas, then submitted to the 
instruments of Time. What can we say of this? I occurred. I am not...yet, I occurred.',
            'Author': 'Frank Herbert,  Dune Messiah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35395,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day…and treat Life as the ULTIMATE 
Gift.... Because IT IS :)',
            'Author': 'Pablo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is as dear to a mute creature as it is to man. Just as one wants happiness and fears pain, just 
as one wants to live and not die, so do other creatures.',
            'Author': 'Dalai Lama XIV'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35400,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the end, the end of a life only matters to friends, family, and other folks you used to know. For 
everyone else, it's just another end.",
            'Author': 'Gabrielle Zevin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35402,
        'record': {'Quote': 'In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.', 'Author': 'Anthony Robbins'}
    },
    {
        'id': 35403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose 
what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.",
            'Author': 'Mira Grant,  Blackout'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. 
Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.',
            'Author': 'Beth Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35470,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.', 'Author': 'Baltasar Gracian'}
    },
    {
        'id': 35474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't be an entrepreneur for other people. You can't start a company for other people. You have 
to love it more than you ever thought of loving something that wasn't a human being. The demands will kick you down and rob
your life - but yet, it is so rewarding.",
            'Author': 'Blake Lively'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35477,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life’s too short to drink crappy coffee and cry over boys who don’t care.',
            'Author': 'Matty Healy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35479,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To build up a library is to create a life. It's never just a random collection of books.",
            'Author': 'Carlos María Domínguez,  The House of Paper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a journey, Frannie darling,"Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you 
travel."As always, I\'ve followed Feagan\'s counsel.',
            'Author': 'Lorraine Heath,  Surrender to the Devil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35502,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Empowerment is the ability to refine, improve, and enhance your life without co-dependency.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35503,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.",
            'Author': 'Nicki Minaj'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35541,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We only live once. We all have an expiration date after that we will never come again. I am not 
saying that to make you sad. I am saying that so you can cherish each moment in your life and be grateful that you are here
and you are Special',
            'Author': 'Pablo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35555,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Death is our constant companion, and it is death that gives each person's life its true meaning.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Pilgrimage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35609,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A little part of me dies every time I try to commit suicide. If life is a buffet, I’m still in the 
mac and cheese phase. Maybe one day I’ll mature into more of a meatloaf kind of guy.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35612,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s 4:00 in the afternoon and I’m just now putting on clothes. The life of a writer is as free as 
the pizza I just had delivered is not.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35624,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a mystery- mystery of beauty, bliss and divinity. Meditation is the art of unfolding that 
mystery.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35625,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That means life itself is a fairy tale. Like the characters, we all live and love and search for a 
happily-ever-after.',
            'Author': 'Gena Showalter,  The Darkest Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went 
there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.',
            'Author': 'Martin Amis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35632,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about
the friendship but trust.',
            'Author': 'Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still 
not been touched at all.',
            'Author': 'Ludwig Wittgenstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which 
starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache.',
            'Author': 'Fulton J. Sheen,  Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Despite my firm convictions, I have been always a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the 
reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds it. I have always kept an open mind, which is necessary to the 
flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of intelligent search for truth.',
            'Author': 'Malcolm X,  The Autobiography of Malcolm X'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35694,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People who read your ideas tend to think that your writings reflect your life.',
            'Author': 'Henri J.M. Nouwen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35706,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The function of a child is to live his/her own life, not the life that his/her anxious parents think 
he/she should live, nor a life according to the purpose of the educators who thinks they knows best',
            'Author': 'A.S. Neill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Strong emotions such as passion and bliss are indications that you're connected to Spirit, or 
'inspired,' if you will. When you're inspired, you activate dormant forces, and the abundance you seek in any form comes 
streaming into your life.",
            'Author': 'Wayne Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35731,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As I grow to understand life less and less,I learn to love it more and more.',
            'Author': 'Jules Renard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35734,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy 
life without depending on others.',
            'Author': 'prixie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'just because you refuse to acknowledge something, refuse tolook at it or think about it, doesn’t mean
it’s not there, that it doesn’taffect you and the choices you make in your life.',
            'Author': 'Rachel Gibson,  Tangled Up In You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What we cannot bear removes us from life; what remains can be borne.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Lean forward into your life...catch the best bits and the finest wind. Just tip your feathers in 
flight a wee bit and see how dramatically that small lean can change your life.',
            'Author': 'Mary Anne Radmacher,  Lean Forward Into Your Life: Begin Each Day as If It Were on Purpose'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35798,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You never get mad,” she said when their server left the table. “Except at me.”“That’s not true,” he 
said tightly. “Torie can get me going.”“Torie doesn’t count. You were obviously her mother in a previous life.',
            'Author': 'Susan Elizabeth Phillips,  Call Me Irresistible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35812,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things 
wrong.",
            'Author': 'Warren Buffett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35817,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we feel, a kind of lyric is sung in our heart. When we think, a kind of music is played in our 
mind. In harmony, both create a beautiful symphony of life.',
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35818,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can have regret from yesterday, fear tomorrow, but peace today by sharing your heart’s deepest 
feelings. A life spent being fearful of showing your soul is a life not worth living.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wonder if being sane means disregarding the chaos that is life, pretending only an infinitesimal 
segment of it is reality.',
            'Author': 'Rabih Alameddine,  Koolaids: The Art of War'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35863,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling 
joys.',
            'Author': "Madeleine L'Engle,  Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35868,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him
of death; this is mere cruelty.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche,  Human, All Too Human'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the 
world from another perspective.",
            'Author': 'Thea Kristine May'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35904,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He's turned his life around. He used to be depressed and miserable. Now he's miserable and 
depressed.",
            'Author': 'David Frost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is 
the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.',
            'Author': 'Ravi Zacharias'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35925,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life was a swarm of accidents waiting in the treetops, descending upon any living thing that passed, 
ready to eat them alive. You swam in a river of chance and coincidence. You clung to the happiest accidents- the rest you 
let float by.',
            'Author': 'David Wroblewski,  The Story of Edgar Sawtelle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35926,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are some places in life where you can only go alone. Embrace the beauty of your solo journey.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of 
seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire
life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...',
            'Author': 'Michel Houellebecq,  Whatever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35940,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. And everything between the creation and
the next destruction is the journey of life.',
            'Author': 'Amish Tripathi,  The Oath of the Vayuputras'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35943,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, 
you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect
it.',
            'Author': 'Diana Princess of Wales'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on 
wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but 
action.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 35977,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The sorrow of God lies in our fear of Him, our fear of life, and our fear of ourselves. He anguishes 
over our self-absorption and self-sufficiency... God's sorrow lies in our refusal to approach Him when we sinned and 
failed.",
            'Author': "Brennan Manning,  Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36026,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Some of this book—perhaps too much—has been about how I learned to do it. Much of it has been about 
how you can do it better. The rest of it—and perhaps the best of it—is a permission slip: you can, you should, and if 
you're brave enough to start, you will. Writing is magic, as much the water of life as any other creative art. The water is
free. So drink. Drink and be filled up.",
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading is sometimes thought of as a form of escapism, and it’s a common turn of phrase to speak of 
getting lost in a book. But a book can also be where one finds oneself; and when a reader is grasped and held by a book, 
reading does not feel like an escape from life so much as it feels like an urgent, crucial dimension of life itself.',
            'Author': 'Rebecca Mead,  My Life in Middlemarch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36051,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had a dream about you last night. The best day of my life was when I taught you how to juggle, but 
the best day of yours was when you taught someone else.',
            'Author': 'Michael Summers,  I Had a Dream About You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36054,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Remember to breathe. It is after all, the secret of life.',
            'Author': 'Gregory Maguire,  A Lion Among Men'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36063,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only
by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love.',
            'Author': 'Peter Kreeft,  Jesus-Shock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy
and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are 
not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will
impact you and make you feel if they were happy?",
            'Author': 'Al Munoz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36089,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, 
spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life',
            'Author': 'Bernard Kelvin Clive,  Your Dreams Will Not Die'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more you go with the flow of life and surrender the outcome to God, and the less you seek 
constant clarity, the more you will find that fabulous things start to show up in your life.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36109,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Those were strange days, now that I look back at them. In the midst of life, everything revolved 
around death.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  Norwegian Wood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing 
heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.",
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36171,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After a while it occurred to me that between the covers of each of those books lay a boundless 
universe waiting to be discovered while beyond those walls, in the outside world, people allowed life to pass by in 
afternoons of football and radio soaps, content to do little more than gaze at their navels.',
            'Author': 'Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Shadow of the Wind'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36175,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you are given a chance to be a role model, I think you should always take it because you can 
influence a person's life in a positive light, and that's what I want to do. That's what it's all about.",
            'Author': 'Tiger Woods'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36181,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But spending your life concentrating on death is like watching a whole movie and thinking only about 
the credits that are going to roll at the end. It’s a mistake of emphasis.',
            'Author': 'Nicholson Baker,  The Anthologist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36197,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world; it is the hardest and most 
important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment.",
            'Author': 'Noah Levine,  Dharma Punx: A Memoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36213,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Butler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36235,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Susannah continued. "If and when I go off slow dancing in the ever after, I don\'t want to look like 
I\'ve been stuck in a hospital room my whole life. I at least want to be tan.',
            'Author': 'Jenny Han,  The Summer I Turned Pretty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36241,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I could give you information of my life it would be to show how a woman of very ordinary ability 
has been led by God in strange and unaccustomed paths to do in His service what He has done in her. And if I could tell you
all, you would see how God has done all, and I nothing. I have worked hard, very hard, that is all; and I have never 
refused God anything.',
            'Author': 'Florence Nightingale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36246,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But often, in the world’s most crowded streets,But often, in the din of strife,There rises an 
unspeakable desireAfter the knowledge of our buried life;A thirst to spend our fire and restless forceIn tracking out our 
true, original course;A longing to inquireInto the mystery of this heart which beatsSo wild, so deep in us—to knowWhence 
our lives come and where they go.',
            'Author': 'Matthew Arnold,  Matthew Arnold: The Complete Poems'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36251,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Often people that settle in life are those that only do what they can with what they have and where 
they are. Never settle for someone that didn't know your worth from the beginning, or build a life without God in it. Live 
beyond your low expectations.",
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {'id': 36281, 'record': {'Quote': 'The purpose of life is a life of purpose.', 'Author': 'Robert Bryne'}},
    {
        'id': 36286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just as music is noise that makes sense, a painting is colour that makes sense, so a story is life 
that makes sense.',
            'Author': 'Yann Martel,  Beatrice and Virgil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The overman...Who has organized the chaos of his passions, given style to his character, and become 
creative. Aware of life's terrors, he affirms life without resentment.",
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36305,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He was fucking sad. That's it. That's the point. He knows life is never going to get any different 
for him. That there's no fixing him. It's always going to be the same monotonous depressing bullshit. Boring, sad, boring, 
sad. He just wants it to be over.",
            'Author': 'Jasmine Warga,  My Heart and Other Black Holes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36307,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life without thankfulness is devoid of love and passion. Hope without thankfulness is lacking in fine
perception. Faith without thankfulness lacks strength and fortitude. Every virtue divorced from thankfulness is maimed and 
limps along the spiritual road.',
            'Author': 'John Henry Jowett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36316,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Only one life, ’twill soon be past,Only what’s done for Christ will last.',
            'Author': 'C.T. Studd'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But what he didn't understand was that this dreamland was preferable,walking through this life 
half-sleeping,everything at arm's length or farther away. I understood those mermaids.I didn't care if they sang to me.All 
I wanted was to block out all the human voices as they called me name again and again,pulling me upward into light,to 
drown.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  Dreamland'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36331,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dessen,  Along for the Ride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36333,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and 
celebrate the life.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray,  Nonviolence: The Transforming Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh 
peaches in it.',
            'Author': 'Alice Walker,  Home Girls: A Black Feminist Anthology'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life had sure been simpler when I hadn't dated.",
            'Author': 'Charlaine Harris,  Dead Until Dark'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36366,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Someday I will have revenge. I know in advance to keep this to myself, and everyone will be happier. 
I do understand that I am expected to forgive N and his girlfriend in a timely fashion, and move on to a life of vegetarian
cooking and difficult yoga positions and self-realization, and make this so much easier and more pleasant for all 
concerned.',
            'Author': 'Suzanne Finnamore,  Split: A Memoir of Divorce'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you 
accept responsibility for it.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36395,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do you understand now why books are hated and feared? Because they reveal the pores on the face of 
life. The comfortable people want only the faces of the full moon, wax, faces without pores, hairless, expressionless.',
            'Author': 'Ray Bradbury,  Fahrenheit 451'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36402,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'CUSTOMER: If I were to, say... meet the love of my life in this bookshop, what section do you think 
they would be standing in?',
            'Author': 'Jen Campbell,  Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36408,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The word theatre comes from the Greeks. It means the seeing place. It is the place people come to see
the truth about life and the social situation.',
            'Author': 'Stella Adler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36409,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become 
cynical about the future and lose hope.",
            'Author': 'Hillary Clinton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36420,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.',
            'Author': 'Alain de Botton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36421,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Tell me that the purpose of life is to have fun, and without a care in the world I'll begin wreaking 
havoc on everything I pass. Now that's what I call pure, honest fun.",
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death.',
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Measure for Measure'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36430,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Why is it the songs all end with the good people winning, but in life they don\'t?"They don\'t make 
songs when the good lose,"I muttered. "They make war chants against the bad. So there won\'t be any songs for us.',
            'Author': 'Sherwood Smith,  Crown Duel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36442,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is about becoming more of who you really are....', 'Author': 'Oprah Winfrey'}
    },
    {
        'id': 36473,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'History says, Don’t hopeOn this side of the grave,But then, once in a lifetimeThe longed-for tidal 
waveOf justice can rise up,And hope and history rhyme',
            'Author': 'Seamus Heaney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36482,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes the strongest thing you will ever do will be to let go of someone. It will be painful, you 
will suffer guilt, and you will second-guess yourself, but for your own sanity and quality of life, there will come a time 
where you hand them to God, with your love, and trust Him to be who and what He is. May our Lord comfort you.',
            'Author': 'Lee Goff'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is a slope. As long as you're going up you're always looking towards the top and you feel happy,
but when you reach it, suddenly you can see the road going downhill and death at the end of it all. It's slow going up and 
quick going down.",
            'Author': 'Guy de Maupassant,  Bel-Ami'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36498,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The wind may be invisible, but it’s colored by memories of you, as you gently blew into my life, 
adding motion and emotion to my still-beating heart.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36524,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No wonder male religious leaders so often say that humans were born in sin—because we were born to 
female creatures. Only by obeying the rules of the patriarchy can we be reborn through men. No wonder priests and ministers
in skirts sprinkle imitation birth fluid over our heads, give us new names, and promise rebirth into everlasting life.',
            'Author': 'Gloria Steinem,  The Vagina Monologues'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36531,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The trouble with aggressive nonsmokers is that they feel they are doing you a favor by not allowing 
you to smoke. They seem to think that one day you'll look back and thank them for those precious fifteen seconds they just 
added to your life. What they don't understand is that those are just fifteen more seconds you can spend hating their guts 
and plotting revenge.",
            'Author': 'David Sedaris,  Barrel Fever: Stories and Essays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36579,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Yoga is not just repetation of few postures - it is more about the exploration and discovery of the 
subtle energies of life.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray,  Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth. For 
nothing is more precious than the life force and may the love of that force guide you as you go.',
            'Author': 'Patti Smith,  Early Work, 1970-1979'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Methought I heard a voice cry, Sleep no more!Macbeth does murder sleep, - the innocent sleep;Sleep 
that knits up the ravell'd sleave of care, The death of each day's life, sore labour's bath,Balm of hurt minds, great 
nature's second course, Chief nourisher in life's feast.",
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Macbeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36598,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret of a happy life is respect. Respect for yourself and respect for others.',
            'Author': 'Ayad Akhtar,  American Dervish'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36605,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Two people with mental issues in a relationship does not work. It's like sitting in a boat and 
neither one has an oar to row the other to shore. You can meet your mirror image in life, but that doesn't mean you should 
marry him.",
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36611,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But to mean it when I say that I want my life to count for His glory is to drive a stake through the 
heart of self - a painful and determined dying to me that must be a part of every day I live.',
            'Author': 'Louie Giglio'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is despair wrong? Isn’t it the natural condition of life after a certain age? … After a number of 
events, what is there left but repetition and diminishment? Who wants to go on living? The eccentric, the religious, the 
artistic (sometimes); those with a false sense of their own worth. Soft cheeses collapse; firm cheeses endurate. Both go 
mouldy.',
            'Author': "Julian Barnes,  Flaubert's Parrot"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36618,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[O]ur honeymoon will shine our life long: its beams will only fade over your grave or mine.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People are meant to go through life two by two. ’Tain’t natural to be lonesome.',
            'Author': 'Thornton Wilder,  Our Town'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36667,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To write as if your life depended on it; to write across the chalkboard, putting up there in public 
the words you have dredged; sieved up in dreams, from behind screen memories, out of silence-- words you have dreaded and 
needed in order to know you exist.',
            'Author': 'Adrienne Rich'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36668,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is painful and disappointing. It is useless, therefore, to write new realistic novels. We 
generally know where we stand in relation to reality and don’t care to know any more.',
            'Author': 'Michel Houellebecq,  H.P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later 
in life.',
            'Author': 'Cara Delevingne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36693,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.', 'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'}
    },
    {
        'id': 36696,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In my life so far, I have discovered that there are really only two kinds of people: those who are 
for you, and those who are against you. Learn to recognize them, for they are often and easily mistaken for each other.',
            'Author': 'Lemmy Kilmister'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else has a responsibility to give your 
life meaning and point… The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as 
we choose to make it.',
            'Author': 'R. Dawkins,  The Blind Watchmaker'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I bargained with Life for a penny,And Life would pay no more, However I begged at eveningWhen I 
counted my scanty store;For Life is just an employer,He gives you what you ask,But once you have set the wages,Why, you 
must bear the task.I worked for a menial's hire,Only to learn, dismayed,That any wage I had asked of Life,Life would have 
paid.",
            'Author': 'Jessie B. Rittenhouse'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the 
moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36722,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesn't mean that there's no such 
thing as a white crow. Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of 
finding a white crow. You might almost say that hunting for 'the white crow' is science's principal task.",
            'Author': "Jostein Gaarder,  Sophie's World"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There were many terrible things in my life and most of them never happened.',
            'Author': 'Michel de Montaigne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "LEONATOWell, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband.BEATRICENot till God make men of 
some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a pierce of valiant dust? to make an 
account of her life to a clod of wayward marl? No, uncle, I'll none: Adam's sons are my brethren; and, truly, I hold it a 
sin to match in my kindred.",
            'Author': 'William Shakespeare,  Much Ado About Nothing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36753,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Worshiping the Devil is no more insane than worshiping God...It is precisely at the moment when 
positivism is at its high-water mark that mysticism stirs into life and the follies of occultism begin.',
            'Author': 'Joris-Karl Huysmans'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; nor can the dead ever be 
brought back to life.',
            'Author': 'Sun Tzu,  The Art of War'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36771,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Poetry makes life what lights and music do the stage.',
            'Author': 'Charles Dickens,  The Pickwick Papers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36791,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Depending on the situation, sometimes you can know a person better in ten minutes than someone you 
have crossed paths with all your life.',
            'Author': 'David Baldacci,  The Simple Truth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36798,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The writer can grow as a person or he can shrink. ... His curiosity, his reaction to life must not 
diminish. The fatal thing is to shrink, to be interested in less, sympathetic to less, desiccating to the point where life 
itself loses its flavor, and one’s passion for human understanding changes to weariness and distaste.',
            'Author': 'Norman Mailer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People who practice freedom of expression are terrorizing our grammatical way of life.',
            'Author': 'Bauvard,  Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the ordinary jumble of my literary drawer, I sometimes find texts I wrote ten, fifteen, or even 
more years ago. And many of them seem to me written by a stranger: I simply do not recognize myself in them. There was a 
person who wrote them, and it was I. I experienced them, but it was in another life, from which I just woke up, as if from 
someone else's dream.",
            'Author': 'Fernando Pessoa,  The Book of Disquiet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36816,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Mistakes are a part of being human. Precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. 
Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.",
            'Author': 'Al Franken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36827,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that
you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not 
die.',
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Venus in Arms'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To deny that there was this dark side of life would be like pretending that the cold of winter was 
somehow only a temporary illusion, a way station on the way to the higher "reality"of long, warm, pleasant summers. But 
summer, it turned out, was no more real than the snow that melted in wintertime.',
            'Author': 'David Guterson,  Snow Falling on Cedars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As the rain falls and the sun shines, they grow, grow, grow; minds so open, they go through life 
aware and accepting, seeing light where there's dark, seeing possibility in dead ends, tasting victory as others spit out 
failure, questioning where others accept. Just a little less jaded, a little less cynical.",
            'Author': 'Cecelia Ahern,  The Book of Tomorrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36835,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.',
            'Author': 'Steven Tyler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36837,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? 
How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the 
exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner 
compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.',
            'Author': 'Daisaku Ikeda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36841,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Enjoy every ounce of your life, get high and be sincere to anybody that comes around you.',
            'Author': 'Salman Aditya,  High in School'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36842,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't
do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your 
life.",
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36845,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The greatest thing about tomorrow is, I will be better than I am today. And that's how I look at my 
life. I will be a better golfer, I will be a better person, I will be a better father, I will be a better husband, I will 
be a better friend. That's the beauty of tomorrow.",
            'Author': 'Tiger Woods'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36850,
        'record': {'Quote': 'And life is what we make it.Always has been, always will be.', 'Author': 'Grandma Moses'}
    },
    {
        'id': 36879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let truth be told - women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and 
again look about them with an interested eye. While there\'s life there\'s hope is a connviction not so entirely unknown to
the "betrayed"as some amiable theorists would have us believe.',
            'Author': "Thomas Hardy,  Tess of the D'Urbervilles"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36881,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You lived what anybody gets, Bernie. You got a lifetime. No more. No less.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 7: Brief Lives'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36882,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life was going to flash before my eyes, but it decided to hide behind my eyes and quake with 
terror instead.',
            'Author': "Sarah Rees Brennan,  The Demon's Lexicon"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36894,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Man is a spiritual being, a soul, and at some period of his life everyone is possessed with an 
irresistible desire to know his relationship to the Infinite. . . . There is something within him which urges him to rise 
above himself, to control his environment, to master the body and all things physical and live in a higher and more 
beautiful world.',
            'Author': 'David O. McKay'
        }
    },
    {'id': 36900, 'record': {'Quote': 'Poetry is life distilled.', 'Author': 'Gwendolyn Brooks'}},
    {
        'id': 36906,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ordinarily, I am the person who falls in love quickly and somewhat inappropriately and then goes on 
to destroy what is a good thing. That's always been my style. So, you know: I get it. And I feel right now the way I 
imagine all those guys felt with me. And I have to say, for the first time in my life, I feel something approaching 
compassion for them.",
            'Author': 'Sarah Dunn,  Secrets to Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin Disraeli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '... just as food is necessary to the life of the body, so good reading is necessary to the life of 
the soul.',
            'Author': 'Pope John XXIII'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36949,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The question is whether any civilization can wage relentless war on life without destroying itself, 
and without losing the right to be called civilized.',
            'Author': 'Rachel Carson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36952,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When at last I came upon the right book, the feeling was violent: it blew open a hole in me that made
life more dangerous because I couldn't control what came through it.",
            'Author': 'Nicole Krauss,  Great House'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36959,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want young people to know that they can belong - whatever your culture, your religion, your 
sexuality - that you can live life how you want to live it and feel comfortable how you are.',
            'Author': 'Jessie J'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To recognize untruth as a condition of life--that certainly means resisting accustomed value feelings
in a dangerous way; and a philosophy that risks this would by that token alone place itself beyond good and evil.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche,  Beyond Good and Evil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 36988,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't seem mad at all,' she said.But I am, although I'm undergoing a cure, because my problem is 
that I lack a particular chemical. However, while I hope that the chemical gets rid of my chronic depression, I want to 
continue being mad, living life the way I dream it, and not the way other people want it to be. Do you know what exists out
there, beyond the walls of Villete?",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Veronika Decides to Die'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let today be the day you finally release yourself from the imprisonment of past grudges and anger. 
Simplify your life. Let go of the poisonous past and live the abundantly beautiful present... today.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37024,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life closed twice before its close; It yet remains to seeIf Immortality unveil A third event to 
me,So huge, so hopeless to conceive, As these that twice befell.Parting is all we know of heaven, And all we need of 
hell.',
            'Author': 'Emily Dickinson,  Dickinson: Poems'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The wind may be invisible, but it’s colored by memories of you, as you gently blew into my life, 
adding motion and emotion to my still-beating heart. I feel you here with me, even though I'm all alone. Time is only 
measured now by then seconds since you've gone, and losing you is as painful as running a faucet on a bloody wound.-Jarod 
Kintz and Crystal Woods",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  liQUID PROse QUOtes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just 
wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something 
hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a 
million pieces!',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37065,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Generally, people who are good at writing letters have no need to write letters. They've got plenty 
of life to lead inside their own context.",
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  A Wild Sheep Chase'
        }
    },
    {'id': 37098, 'record': {'Quote': "We can't help it. Life looks for life.", 'Author': 'Carl Sagan'}},
    {'id': 37114, 'record': {'Quote': 'I was wasting my life, always thinking about myself.', 'Author': 'Morrissey'}},
    {
        'id': 37115,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: 'I am 
life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live",
            'Author': 'Albert Schweitzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37124,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fear is a natural emotion in life, but you cannot let it dictate your actions. When you act out of 
fear, you will only meet failure. But act out of determination to conquer that fear, and you will succeed at anything. 
Maybe not the first time, or the second or third, but eventually—as long as you keep trying—you can conquer your fears and 
succeed.',
            'Author': 'Tiana Dalichov,  Purification'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Doesn't our knowledge of death make life more precious?'What good is a preciousness based on fear and
anxiety? It's an anxious quivering thing",
            'Author': 'Don DeLillo,  White Noise'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37147,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that I shall die struggling for breath, and I know that I shall be horribly afraid. I know 
that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown 
that regret. I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.',
            'Author': 'W. Somerset Maugham,  Of Human Bondage'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There were times Ruma felt closer to her mother in death than she had in life, an intimacy born 
simply of thinking of her so often, of missing her. But she knew that this was an illusion, a mirage, and that the distance
between them was now infinite, unyielding.',
            'Author': 'Jhumpa Lahiri,  Unaccustomed Earth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37171,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But without deeper reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people--first of 
all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness is wholly dependent, and then for the many, unknown to us,
to whose destinies we are bound by the ties of sympathy.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein,  Ideas and Opinions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37184,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life will just not wait for us to live it:We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live',
            'Author': 'Michelle Geaney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37193,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The engine roared to life. He ran toward her. She shot our of her parking space. He rushed to the 
side of her car. "Stop it, Kristy! You\'re overreacting! Let\'s talk about this."That was when she did the unthinkable. She
rolled down the window, thrust out her hand, and gave Reverend Ethan Bonner the bird.',
            'Author': 'Susan Elizabeth Phillips,  Dream a Little Dream'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37203,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It isn't the happy ending Ingrid and I had dreamed up, but it's all a part of what I'm working 
through. The way life changes. The way people and things disappear. Then appear, unexpectedly, and hold you close.",
            'Author': 'Nina LaCour,  Hold Still'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37208,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the wages of sin is Death, but the gift of God is everlasting Life in Christ Jesus or LORD.',
            'Author': 'Anonymous,  Holy Bible: King James Version'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You say that you people don’t burn folk and sacrifice people anymore, but that’s what true faith 
would mean, y’see? Sacrificin’ your own life, one day at a time, to the flame, declarin’ the truth of it, workin’ for it, 
breathin’ the soul of it. That’s religion. Anything else is just . . . is just bein’ nice. And a way of keepin’ in touch 
with the neighbors.',
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Carpe Jugulum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37219,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyone who is educated today wants to sit at a comfortable desk under a fan and live in an 
air-conditioned house surrounded by a garden, coming and going in an American car as wide as the street. If we do not tear 
out this disease by the roots we shall have with us a bourgeoisie that is in no way connected with the reality of our 
life...',
            'Author': 'Tayeb Salih,  Season of Migration to the North'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37227,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "More learning can occur when there are many obstacles then when thear are few or none. A life with 
difficult relationships, filled with obstacles and losses, presents the most opportunity for the soul's growth. You may 
have chosen the more difficult life so that you could accelerate your physical progress",
            'Author': 'Brian L. Weiss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To all my librarian friends, champions of books, true magicians in the House of Life. Without you, 
this writer would be lost in the Dust.',
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Red Pyramid'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37235,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's much easier on the emotions when one sees life as an experiment rather than a struggle for 
popularity.",
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37242,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Whether you're trying to learn in hockey or trying to learn in life, I've always tried to be 
observant and tried to learn more, tried to evolve, whether it's as a hockey player or as a person. With each year, I try 
to do that.",
            'Author': 'Sidney Crosby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a 
socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough 
situations, it gives them hope in their own life.',
            'Author': 'Lalu Prasad Yadav'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37247,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a barter of choice and consequences.',
            'Author': 'Samantha Sotto,  Before Ever After'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37249,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state.
As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those 
who Fail to Try.',
            'Author': 'Jess C. Scott,  Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37253,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is like an escalator. You see, it carries you on regardless. And you might as well enjoy the 
view and seize every opportunity while you're passing. Otherwise, it'll be too late.",
            'Author': 'Sophie Kinsella,  Twenties Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37254,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nobody was perfect. Not even close. And everybody had wrinkles from smiling and squinting and 
craining their necks. Everybody has marks on their bodies from years of living- a trail of life left on them. Evidence of 
all the adventures and sleepless nights and practical jokes and heartbreaks that had made them who they are.',
            'Author': 'Katherine Center,  Everyone Is Beautiful'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37255,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An apology is the superglue of life! It can repair just about anything!!',
            'Author': 'Lynn Johnston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37281,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The truth about life and lie about life is not measured by others but by your intuition, which never 
lies.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37298,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't own the sunset, but I have a free yearly membership to stream whenever it's on, and this is a
life perk that makes me wealthy.",
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37311,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'War is not just the business of death, it is the antitheses of life.',
            'Author': 'Joss Whedon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37319,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For every bad thing in life, there are more good things to tip the balance.',
            'Author': 'Richelle Mead,  Succubus on Top'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37321,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Like the pain of a bad wound, the effect of a deep shock takes some while to be felt. When a child is
told, for the first time in his life, that a person he has known is dead, although he does not disbelieve it, he may well 
fail to comprehend it and later ask--perhaps more than once--where the dead person is and when he is coming back.',
            'Author': 'Richard Adams,  Watership Down'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times.",
            'Author': 'Dean Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Two farewell gifts,"Sadie muttered, "from two gorgeous guys. I hate my life.',
            'Author': 'Rick Riordan,  The Throne of Fire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37354,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Long before I became a feminist in any explicit way, I had turned from writing love stories about 
women in which women were losers, and adventure stories about men in which the men were winners, to writing adventure 
stories about a woman in which the woman won. It was one of the hardest things I ever did in my life.',
            'Author': 'Joanna Russ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37371,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your agreement with reality defines your life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37373,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. 
Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37375,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Many of the most deeply spiritual moments of my life haven't happened just in my mind or in my soul. 
They happened while holding my son in the middle of the night, or watching the water break along the shore, or around my 
table, watching the people I love feel nourished in all sorts of ways.",
            'Author': 'Shauna Niequist,  Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37386,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I often say that I don't worry about the meaning of life--I can't handle that big stuff. What 
concerns me is the meaning in life--day by day, hour by hour, while I'm doing whatever it is that I do. What counts is not 
what I do, but how I think about myself while I'm doing it.",
            'Author': 'Robert Fulghum,  It Was on Fire When I Lay Down on It'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37389,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a 
beautiful journey begins.',
            'Author': 'Harshit Walia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Start telling the story of your amazing life, and the law of attraction must make sure you receive 
it!',
            'Author': 'Rhonda Byrne,  The Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37398,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Living a life fully engaged and full of whimsy and the kind of things that love does is something 
most people plan to do, but along the way they just kind of forget. Their dreams become one of those "we\'ll go there next 
time"deferrals. The sad thing is, for many there is no "next time"because passing on the chance to cross over is an overall
attitude toward life rather than a single decision.',
            'Author': 'Bob Goff,  Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.',
            'Author': 'Luellen Hoffman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But 
then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.",
            'Author': 'Julian Barnes,  The Sense of an Ending'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37430,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s 
life',
            'Author': 'Leo Babauta'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I loved her, she loved him, and he loved himself. Now she loves me, he loves her, and I love myself 
as I am—without her in my life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37501,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I watched my life as if it were happening to someone else. My son died. And I was hurt, but I watched
my hurt, and even relished it, a little, for now I could write a real death, a true loss. My heart was broken by my dark 
lady, and I wept, in my room, alone; but while I wept, somewhere inside I smiled.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman,  The Sandman, Vol. 10: The Wake'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37511,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The main rule of writing is that if you do it with enough assurance and confidence, you’re allowed to
do whatever you like. (That may be a rule for life as well as for writing. But it’s definitely true for writing.) So write 
your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can. I’m not sure that there are any other
rules. Not ones that matter.',
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life',
            'Author': 'Plato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37519,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Her future, she thought, was likely to be worse than her past, for after her years of contented 
renunciation, she had slipped back into desire and longing; she found joyless days of distasteful occupation harder and 
harder; she found the image of the intense and varied life she yearned for, and despaired of, becoming more and more 
importunate.',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  The Mill on the Floss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37520,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But my dreaming self refuses to be consoled. It continues to wander, aimless, homeless, alone. It 
cannot be convinced of its safety by any evidence drawn from my waking life.',
            'Author': 'Margaret Atwood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Cultures, along with the religions that shape and nurture them, are value systems, sets of traditions
and habits clustered around one or several languages, producing meaning: for the self, for the here and now, for the 
community, for life.',
            'Author': 'Tariq Ramadan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37536,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Gospel offers forgiveness for the past, new life for the present, and hope for the future.',
            'Author': 'John Sentamu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37538,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.',
            'Author': 'Harry S Truman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37542,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you’re 
proud of, and if you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.',
            'Author': 'Eric Roth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37559,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I felt as if I were walking with destiny, and that all my past life had been but a preparation for 
this hour and for this trial... I thought I knew a good deal about it all, I was sure I should not fail.',
            'Author': 'Winston S. Churchill,  The Second World War'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37581,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is 
immeasurable.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in 
charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else,
that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life 
that matters.',
            'Author': 'Steve Goodier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37606,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I have nothing now but praise for my life. I'm not unhappy. I cry a lot because I miss people. They 
die and I can't stop them. They leave me and I love them more...",
            'Author': 'Maurice Sendak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "At times I believed that the last page of my book and the last page of my life were one and the same,
that when my book ended I'd end, a great wind would sweep through my rooms carrying the pages away, and when the air 
cleared of all those fluttering white sheets the room would be silent, the chair where I sat empty.",
            'Author': 'Nicole Krauss,  The History of Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37628,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the most beneficial and valuable gifts we can give to ourselves in this life: is allowing 
ourselves to be surprised! It is okay if life surprises you. Its a good thing!',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37635,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is time to float on the waters of the night. Time to wrap my arms around this book and press it to
my chest, life preserver in a sea of unremarkable men and women, anonymous faces on the street, a hundred thousand 
unalphabetized things, a million forgotten hours.',
            'Author': 'Billy Collins,  Picnic, Lightning'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37672,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in 
your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT',
            'Author': 'Pablo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37673,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "salvation is for the feeble, that's what I think. I don't want salvation, I want life, all of life, 
the miserable as well as the superb.",
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins,  Jitterbug Perfume'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37697,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '…the greatest service we can do to education today is to teach fewer subjects. No one has time to do 
more than a very few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects, we 
destroy his standards, perhaps for life.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis,  Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37700,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Books are the compasses and telescopes and sextants and charts which other men have prepared to help 
us navigate the dangerous seas of human life.',
            'Author': 'Jesse Lee Bennett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And what would happen if we never read the classics? There comes a point in life, it seems to me, 
where you have to decide whether you're a Person of Letters or merely someone who loves books, and I'm beginning to see 
that the book lovers have more fun.",
            'Author': 'Nick Hornby,  Housekeeping vs. the Dirt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of 
life.',
            'Author': 'Max Lucado,  Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37736,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive 
everyone, including yourself.',
            'Author': 'Tom Giaquinto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37753,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life of faith is not a life of mounting up with wings, but a life of walking and not fainting.',
            'Author': 'Oswald Chambers,  My Utmost for His Highest: Selections for the Year'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37762,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…',
            'Author': 'Aberjhani,  Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37764,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Let me tell you something about dying: it's not as bad as they says.it's the coming-back-to-life part
that hurts.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Requiem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37770,
        'record': {'Quote': "It's a time of sorrow and sadness when we lose a loss of life.", 'Author': 'George W. Bush'}
    },
    {
        'id': 37795,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every beginning has an end and every end has a new beginning, don't worry, broken soul, life will one
day come to an end.",
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37805,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Marijuana enhances our mind in a way that enables us to take a different perspective from 'high up', 
to see and evaluate our own lives and the lives of others in a privileged way. Maybe this euphoric and elevating feeling of
the ability to step outsidethe box and to look at life’s patterns from this high perspective is the inspiration behind the 
slang term “high” itself.",
            'Author': 'Sebastian Marincolo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the 
church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.',
            'Author': 'Robert Battle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37848,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Long week. Long month. Long life.', 'Author': 'John Green,  Will Grayson, Will Grayson'}
    },
    {
        'id': 37850,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack. If you don't have it, 
no matter what else there is, it's not enough.",
            'Author': 'Ann Landers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37852,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Time is cruel like life. It slows down so that you can truly experience the worst moments of it. Only
if you make it through them do you get to say ‘It all happened so fast.',
            'Author': 'J.A. Redmerski,  The Mayfair Moon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in 
your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything that happens to you is your teacher. The secret is to learn to sit at the feet of your own
life and be taught by it. Polly B. Berends',
            'Author': 'Polly Berrien Berends'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would 
come. In the present, not the past.',
            'Author': "Adi Alsaid,  Let's Get Lost"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37889,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant 
side effect to a life lived well.',
            'Author': 'Eric Weiner'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.',
            'Author': 'Dejan Stojanovic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37927,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have come to see clearly that life is more than self. It is more than doing what I want, striving 
for what will benefit me, dreaming of all I can be. Life is all about my relationship with God. There is no higher calling,
no loftier dream, and no greater goal than to live, breathe, and be poured out for Jesus Christ."--Jamie in Brother 
Andrew\'s "The Calling',
            'Author': 'Brother Andrew,  The Narrow Road: Stories of Those Who Walk This Road Together'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37935,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Haiku is not a shriek, a howl, a sigh, or a yawn; rather, it is the deep breath of life.',
            'Author': 'Santōka Taneda,  Mountain Tasting: Haiku and Journals of Santoka Taneda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When life takes away, something of greater value is always given in return.',
            'Author': 'Michael J. Fox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "my only complaints are two:that I didn't make myself readyfor you sooner in life, thatI can't give 
you better,Love you more.",
            'Author': 'Jan Beatty'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All of us need to be in touch with a mysterious, tantalizing source of inspiration that teases our 
sense of wonder and goads us on to life’s next adventure.',
            'Author': 'Rob Brezsny'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37981,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The question is not, -- how much does the youth know? when he has finished his education -- but how 
much does he care? and about how many orders of things does he care? In fact, how large is the room in which he finds his 
feet set? and, therefore, how full is the life he has before him?',
            'Author': 'Charlotte M. Mason,  School Education: Developing A Curriculum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37988,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nothing is easier than to admit in words the truth of the universal struggle for life, or more 
difficult--at least I have found it so--than constantly to bear this conclusion in mind.',
            'Author': 'Charles Darwin,  The Origin of Species'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37989,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Mean girls go far in high school. Kind women go far in LIFE.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37993,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A good book is the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a 
life beyond life, and as such it must surely be a necessary commodity.',
            'Author': 'Penelope Fitzgerald,  The Bookshop'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 37995,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child's hands, you are bringing that child news of
the infinitely varied nature of life. You are an awakener.",
            'Author': 'Paula Fox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38000,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.',
            'Author': 'Ginnifer Goodwin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38006,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It seems, in fact, as though the second half of a man's life is made up of nothing, but the habits he
has accumulated during the first half.",
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoyevsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and
pain. But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what
is, by nature, a wide web of chaos.',
            'Author': 'Colin Meloy,  Wildwood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How very paltry and limited the normal human intellect is, and how little lucidity there is in the 
human consciousness, may be judged from the fact that, despite the ephemeral brevity of human life, the uncertainty of our 
existence and the countless enigmas which press upon us from all sides, everyone does not continually and ceaselessly 
philosophize, but that only the rarest of exceptions do.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Schopenhauer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38033,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38063,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No, my dog used to gaze at me,paying me the attention I need,the attention requiredto make a vain 
person like me understandthat, being a dog, he was wasting time,but, with those eyes so much purer than mine,he’d keep on 
gazing at mewith a look that reserved for me aloneall his sweet and shaggy life,always near me, never troubling me,and 
asking nothing.',
            'Author': 'Pablo Neruda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38079,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgment and efforts to get 
things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.',
            'Author': 'Evelyn Underhill'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you love someone, you're not supposed to want them to come back. Better a peaceful sleep in the 
earth than the life of a zombie--not really dead but not really alive, either.",
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  Zombies Vs. Unicorns'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself,
and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.',
            'Author': 'Tobsha Learner,  The Witch of Cologne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38107,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I stare at her for a long moment. I want to kiss her. I want to kiss her more than I've ever wanted 
anything in my life.",
            'Author': 'Sara Gruen,  Water for Elephants'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38108,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How much time do I get in exchange for that rose?”For the rose, a short engagement. For the speech, 
you get a lifetime.”I can live with that,” he said, and kissed her.',
            'Author': 'Laura Lee Guhrke,  Guilty Pleasures'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I try hard not to judge anyone, and I try to bless everyone who is a part of my life, particularly 
anyone with whom I am having any problems',
            'Author': "Jim Henson,  It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider"
        }
    },
    {'id': 38127, 'record': {'Quote': 'Nerd life is just so much better than regular life.', 'Author': 'John Green'}},
    {
        'id': 38141,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In those days a boy on the classical side officially did almost nothing but classics. I think this 
was wise; the greatest service we can to education today is to teach few subjects. No one has time to do more than a very 
few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects we destroy his 
standards, perhaps for life.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38144,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Certainly the determining acts of her life were not ideally beautiful. They were the mixed result of 
young and novel impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often 
take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  Middlemarch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To understand life is to understand ourselves, and that is both the beginning and the end of 
education.',
            'Author': 'Jiddu Krishnamurti,  Education and the Significance of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38149,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage 
to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.',
            'Author': 'Victoria Addino'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Here’s the life lesson I’ve learned, Fifi: Some people are born to play the hero, and some are born 
to play the bad guy. Fighting your destiny only makes life harder than it needs to be. Besides, people remember the villain
long after they’ve forgotten the hero.',
            'Author': 'Susan Elizabeth Phillips'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38215,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As Emmanuel, Cardinal Suhard says, "To be a witness does not consist in engaging in propaganda, nor 
even in stirring people up, but in being a living mystery. It means to live in such a way that one\'s life would not make 
sense if God did not exist.',
            'Author': "Madeleine L'Engle,  Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38216,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To many people, free will is a license to rebel not against what is unjust or hard in life but 
against what is best for them and true.',
            'Author': 'Dean Koontz,  The Darkest Evening of the Year'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38226,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You and I were created by God to be so much more than normal…Following the crowd is not a winning 
approach to life. In the end it’s a loser’s game, because we never become who God created us to be by trying to be like 
everybody else.',
            'Author': 'Tim Tebow,  Through My Eyes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38227,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart 
because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been
given me…',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller,  The Open Door'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just when normal life felt almost possible - when the world held some kind of order, meaning, even 
loveliness (the prismatic spray of light through an icicle; the stillness of a sunrise), some small thing would go awry and
the veil of optimism was torn away, the barren world revealed. They learned, somehow, to wait those times out. There was no
cure, no answer, no reparation.',
            'Author': 'David Wroblewski,  The Story of Edgar Sawtelle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38246,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "won't you celebrate with mewhat i have shaped intoa kind of life? i had no model.born in babylonboth 
nonwhite and womanwhat did i see to be except myself?i made it uphere on this bridge betweenstarshine and clay,my one hand 
holding tightmy other hand; come celebratewith me that everydaysomething has tried to kill meand has failed.",
            'Author': 'Lucille Clifton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A serious adult story must be true to something in life. Since marvel tales cannot be true to the 
events of life, they must shift their emphasis towards something to which they can be true; namely, certain wistful or 
restless moods of the human spirit, wherein it seeks to weave gossamer ladders of escape from the galling tyranny of time, 
space, and natural law.',
            'Author': 'H.P. Lovecraft'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38276,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every work of art is aggressive, Isabella. And every artist's life is a small war or a large one, 
beginning with oneself and one's limitations. To achieve anything you must first have ambition and then talent, knowledge, 
and finally the opportunity.",
            'Author': "Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Angel's Game"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38285,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God created me—and you—to live with a single, all-embracing, all-transforming passion—namely, a 
passion to glorify God by enjoying and displaying his supreme excellence in all the spheres of life.',
            'Author': "John Piper,  Don't Waste Your Life"
        }
    },
    {'id': 38286, 'record': {'Quote': 'Start with big dreams and make life worth living.', 'Author': 'Stephen Richards'}},
    {
        'id': 38297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little 
above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy.',
            'Author': 'Steven Weinberg'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38301,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can retire from a job, but don't ever retire from making extremely meaningful contributions in 
life.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Covey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38320,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If just one of [those people] experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, 
experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards.',
            'Author': 'Jostein Gaarder,  The Solitaire Mystery'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38361,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe there is a kind of happiness to be found in every thing in life, in all that is good and 
pleasing, as well as in that which is sad or poignant.',
            'Author': 'Syrie James,  The Lost Memoirs of Jane Austen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you have money in hand,only you forget who are you .But when you do not have any money in your 
hand,the whole world forget who you are.It's life.",
            'Author': 'Bill Gates'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38364,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He drew the dagger and laid it on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, 
as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death.',
            'Author': 'George R.R. Martin,  A Game of Thrones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38382,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the 
things that are holding you back.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is about moving, it’s about change. And when things stop doing that they’re dead.',
            'Author': 'Twyla Tharp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38402,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With six pieces of wood, I’m building a life, and my coffin.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Has No Title'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38404,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Yet a part of you still believes you can fight and survive no matter what your mind knows. It's not 
so strange. Where there's still life, there's still hope. What happens is up to God.",
            'Author': "Louis Zamperini,  Devil at My Heels: A Heroic Olympian's Astonishing Story of Survival as a Japanese
POW in World War II"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while 
longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry...He's risen!",
            'Author': 'Charles R. Swindoll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38435,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She said she never wanted to have secrets from me nor from herself, which is why she wanted to write 
down everything that otherwise would be hard to talk about. As I said, later I understood that someone who flees into 
honesty like that fears something, fears that her life will fill with something that can no longer be shared, a genuine 
secret, indescribable, unutterable.',
            'Author': 'Sándor Márai,  Embers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38466,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We live in a world where bad stories are told, stories that teach us life doesn't mean anything and 
that humanity has no great purpose. It's a good calling, then, to speak a better story. How brightly a better story shines.
How easily the world looks to it in wonder. How grateful we are to hear these stories, and how happy it makes us to repeat 
them.",
            'Author': 'Donald Miller,  A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38475,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There was something appealing in thinking of a character with a secret life that her author knew 
nothing about. Slipping off while the author's back was turned, to find love in her own way. Showing up just in time to 
deliver the next bit of dialogue with an innocent face.",
            'Author': 'Karen Joy Fowler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38502,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God wanted to make heaven and the earth is that heaven. Nowhere in the universe there is so much 
love, life, beauty and peace. Enjoy your stay with the fellow beings.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray,  Nonviolence: The Transforming Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? 
Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life
experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  The Power of One'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38525,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell the truth through whichever veil comes to hand – but tell it. Resign yourself to the lifelong 
sadness that comes from never \xadbeing satisfied.',
            'Author': 'Zadie Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A sacrament--like marriage--means living a life better than your natural instincts, so that you're 
modeling God. And God never gives up.",
            'Author': 'Jodi Picoult,  Handle with Care'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's okay if you want to go. Everyone wants you to stay. I want you to stay more than I've ever 
wanted anything in my life. But that's what I want and I could see why it might not be what you want. So I just wanted to 
tell you that I understand if you go. It's okay if you have to leave us. It's okay if you want to stop fighting.",
            'Author': 'Gayle Forman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38559,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What can I say about life? Do I praise it for letting you live, or damn it for allowing the rest?',
            'Author': 'Janet Fitch,  White Oleander'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think music is what language once aspired to be. Music allows us to face God on our own terms 
because it reaches beyond life.',
            'Author': 'Simon Van Booy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38562,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and 
labors for others.',
            'Author': 'Bryant McGill,  Voice of Reason'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38571,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.',
            'Author': 'Markus Zusak,  The Book Thief'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38576,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Faith doesn't get you around problems in life and relationships, it gets you through it.",
            'Author': 'Jonathan Anthony Burkett,  Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For books are more than books, they are the lifeThe very heart and core of ages past,The reason why 
men lived and worked and died,The essence and quintessence of their lives.',
            'Author': 'Amy Lowell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38598,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You wouldn\'t have taken Rose to such a place, would you?""Of course not, but she is a little girl, 
and I\'m-""My life", he interrupted quietly. "You\'re my entire life. If anything ever happens to you, Holly, there is 
nothing left for me.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Kleypas,  Where Dreams Begin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38599,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Law looked dumbstruck, almost angry. He breathed, "Son of a bitch."And to Tom\'s surprise, Law got 
down on one knee and took his hand. "Tom, you beloved bastard, I love you. I need you in my life forever. I cannot imagine 
existence without you. Will you-God please say yes-grant me the honor and the privilege and save my life and marry me?',
            'Author': 'Jez Morrow,  Force of Law'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38627,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38629,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never let your fear of the unknown and things being too difficult make your choices for you in life. 
One of the saddest lessons in life is finding out that your fear made the situation worse than what it was and a braver 
person stole the dream you gave up on.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38634,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.',
            'Author': 'Walter Pater,  The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Science, like life, feeds on its own decay. New facts burst old rules; then newly divined conceptions
bind old and new together into a reconciling law.',
            'Author': 'William James,  The Will to Believe and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The masculine energy was about survival. The male was the hunter who risked his life and had to be in
the fight-flight mode.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra'
        }
    },
    {'id': 38654, 'record': {'Quote': 'The best things in life are crazy.', 'Author': 'Emme Rollins,  Dear Rockstar'}},
    {
        'id': 38662,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are things you do sometimes, actions that you take by obeying sudden impulses, without stopping
for even a fraction of a second to think, and then you spend the rest of your life either lamenting it or thanking yourself
for it. They are rare, unique, and perfect moments.',
            'Author': 'Irene Gonzalez Frei'
        }
    },
    {'id': 38670, 'record': {'Quote': 'We do not create life, we create death.', 'Author': 'Marie Symeou'}},
    {'id': 38676, 'record': {'Quote': "Don't you know how sweet and wonderful life can be?", 'Author': 'Marvin Gaye'}},
    {
        'id': 38686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I touched her body,I believed she was God.In the curves of her formI found the birth of Man,the 
creation of the world,and the origin of all life.',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38698,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of 
life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.',
            'Author': "Flannery O'Connor,  Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let us here observe, that a religion that does not require the sacrifice of all things, never has 
power sufficient to produce the faith necessary unto life and salvation.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Smith Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38726,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'was it scripted by God or I am playing with my life.',
            'Author': 'Durgesh Satpathy,  Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A wedding is and event, but marriage is a life.',
            'Author': 'Myles Munroe,  Waiting and Dating'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38756,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And only now, when he was gray-haired, had he fallen in love properly, thoroughly, for the first time
in his life.',
            'Author': 'Anton Chekhov,  The Lady With the Little Dog and Other Stories, 1896-1904'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38757,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the first time in my life, I said the words, “I need a drink.',
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero,  The Unsung Love Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Talent is extremely common. What is rare is the willingness to endure the life of the writer.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38776,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tough love may be tough to give, but it is a necessity of life and assurance of positive growth.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Bachelorhood: all the fun of married life and more prosperity, leaving lots of descendants to boast 
of their father’s memory to their fellow inmates.',
            'Author': 'Bauvard,  Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38796,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you stop blaming others for where you are in life, that is when you can start to manifest your 
dream life!',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are here to evolve and make your consciousness high.You are here to dance, sing and celebrate 
life. You are here to help others to make their life happy. We are here not to compete, but to learn, evolve and excel. We 
are not here to make divisions in the name of prophets and religions. We are here to encompass the world with love and 
light.',
            'Author': 'Amit Ray,  Nonviolence: The Transforming Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38805,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I feel like I've dreamed half of my life that hasn't happened yet, so a lot of times I'm going along,
and I do stuff, and I know that I've done it. I have deja vus more than I have regular experiences. If half of your day is 
a deja vu, then you start to wonder, 'What is real and what isn't?'",
            'Author': 'Marilyn Manson'
        }
    },
    {'id': 38841, 'record': {'Quote': 'After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.', 'Author': 'Mario Benedetti'}},
    {
        'id': 38890,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Someone once said that death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside 
of us while we live. I could tell you who said it, but who the hell really cares.',
            'Author': 'One tree hill haley james scott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'While the impostor draws his identity from past achievements and the adulation of others, the true 
self claims identity in its belovedness. We encounter God in the ordinariness of life: not in the search for spiritual 
highs and extraordinary, mystical experiences but in our simple presence in life.',
            'Author': "Brennan Manning,  Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38909,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like 
how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of 
belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless 
way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.',
            'Author': 'Tao Lin,  Eeeee Eee Eeee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Despite the fact that I have no regrets about how things turned out in my life, I still can't help 
wanting to understand my intense relationship with Leo, as well as that turbulent time between adolescence and adulthood 
when everything feels raw and invigorating and scary-and why those feelings are all coming back to me now.",
            'Author': "Emily Giffin,  Love the One You're With"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38920,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before her marriage she had thought that she had love within her grasp; but since the happiness which
she had expected this love to bring her hadn’t come, she supposed she must have been mistaken. And Emma tried to imagine 
just what was meant, in life, by the words “bliss,” “passion,” and “rapture” - words that had seemed so beautiful to her in
books.',
            'Author': 'Gustave Flaubert,  Madame Bovary'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want you to embark on the truth of loving yourself because when you love yourself and when you 
appreciate yourself, you will make healthy changes in your life for healthy reasons.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38936,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is necessary to write, if the days are not to slip emptily by. How else, indeed, to clap the net 
over the butterfly of the moment? For the moment passes, it is forgotten; the mood is gone; life itself is gone. That is 
where the writer scores over his fellows: he catches the changes of his mind on the hop.',
            'Author': 'Vita Sackville-West'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38938,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have to live a life that is more revolutionary than that of the revolutionaries.',
            'Author': 'Brother Andrew'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We were all born equal, but where we are in life now is of our own making.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A child whose life is full of the threat and fear of punishment is locked into babyhood. There is no 
way for him to grow up, to learn to take responsibility for his life and acts. Most important of all, we should not assume 
that having to yield to the threat of our superior force is good for the child's character. It is never good for anyone's 
character.",
            'Author': 'John Holt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38954,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.",
            'Author': 'Tommy Newberry,  Success is Not an Accident: Change Your Choices Change Your Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38963,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When I was in my twenties and broke, I'd buy books before food. A meal will sustain you for a few 
hours, a good book will sustain you for life.",
            'Author': 'Gabrielle Zevin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38970,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can\'t just skip the boring parts.""Of course I can skip the boring parts.""How do you know 
they\'re boring if you don\'t read them?""I can tell.""Then you can\'t say you\'ve read the whole play.""I think I can live
a happy life, Meryl Lee, even if I don\'t read the boring parts of The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.""Who 
knows?"she said. "Maybe you can\'t.',
            'Author': 'Gary D. Schmidt,  The Wednesday Wars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 38980,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything 
becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves 
you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.',
            'Author': 'Michael Soll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39012,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The whole life of the individual is nothing but the process of giving birth to himself; indeed, we 
should be fully born when we die - although it is the tragic fate of most individuals to die before they are born.',
            'Author': 'Erich Fromm,  The Sane Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39020,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is life, and there is death, and in between there is me. Please don’t wake me up.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Has No Title'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The art of life is to live in the present moment and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the 
realization that we are the instruments and expression of God himself.',
            'Author': 'Emmet Fox'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All through life there were distinctions - toilets for men, toilets for women; clothes for men, 
clothes for women - then, at the end, the graves are identical.',
            'Author': 'Leila Aboulela,  Minaret'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39030,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And when the hourglass has run out, the hourglass of temporality, when the noise of secular life has 
grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end, when everything around you is still, as it is in 
eternity, then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing: whether you have
lived in despair or not.',
            'Author': 'Søren Kierkegaard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe that's why life is so precious. No rewind or fast forward...just patience and faith.",
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39039,
        'record': {'Quote': 'When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.', 'Author': 'Therese Benedict'}
    },
    {
        'id': 39067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides 
me from it is vast.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Pandemonium'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39069,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'People no longer try to decipher the mystery of life but choose instead to be a part of it.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Witch Of Portobello'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39074,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No one rises above who he or she has been without first having fallen down. The best time - in fact, 
the only time - to make a real change in your life is in the moment of seeing the need for it. He who hesitates always gets
lost in the hundred reasons why tomorrow is a better day to get started.',
            'Author': 'Guy Finley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39091,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In a properly automated and educated world, then, machines may prove to be the true humanizing 
influence. It may be that machines will do the work that makes life possible and that human beings will do all the other 
things that make life pleasant and worthwhile',
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov,  Robot Visions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think just because life is hard, it does seem fun to have a break and laugh about things, so I 
think in the end, my instincts go there.',
            'Author': 'Joan Cusack'
        }
    },
    {'id': 39122, 'record': {'Quote': 'It seems as if life and hope must cease together.', 'Author': 'Anne Bronte'}},
    {'id': 39137, 'record': {'Quote': "If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.", 'Author': 'W.C. Fields'}},
    {
        'id': 39146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes we assume that the new person in our life is better for us because they are totally 
different from the last person we dated. Only later do we see that we have chosen a different version of the same thing and
they both leave us unsatisfied.',
            'Author': 'Kristen Crockett,  The Gift of Past Relationships'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39155,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Her last conscious thought was disgust at life; her senses had lied to her. The world was not made of
energy and delight but of foulness, betrayal, and lassitude. Living was hateful, and death was no better, and from end to 
end of the universe this was the first and last and only truth.',
            'Author': 'Philip Pullman,  The Subtle Knife'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39160,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I
seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Villette'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39161,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "when happiness makes a guest appearance in one's life,it's important to make the most of it.It may 
not stay around for long and when it has gone wouldn't it be terrible to think that all the time one could have been happy 
was wasted worrying when the happiness would be taken away.",
            'Author': 'Marian Keyes,  Watermelon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39167,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.',
            'Author': 'Matthew J. Kirby,  Icefall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39181,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'WisdomWhen I have ceased to break my wings Against the faultiness of things, And learned that 
compromises wait Behind each hardly opened gate, When I can look Life in the eyes, Grown calm and very coldly wise, Life 
will have given me the Truth, And taken in exchange -- my youth.',
            'Author': 'Sara Teasdale,  Love Songs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39185,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I’d never seen anything like it. First a trial, then a few murders, then dancing. Life goes on. Or, 
in this case, death continues.',
            'Author': 'Charlaine Harris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A Plan B life can be just as good or better than a Plan A life. You just have to let go of that first
dream and realize that God has already written the first chapter of the new life that awaits you. All you have to do is 
start reading!',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39197,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't just about darkness or light, rather it's about finding light within the darkness.",
            'Author': 'Landon Parham,  First Night of Summer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39201,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A choir of seedlings arching their necks out of rotted tree stumps, sucking life out of death. I am 
the forest's conscience, but remember, the forest eats itself and lives forever.",
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The point is, you have family and friends who love you. You have a world out there just waiting for 
you to conquer it. You have a life that will be anything you make it. That's the point.",
            'Author': "Malorie Blackman,  Boys Don't Cry"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39221,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift; death
is God's.",
            'Author': 'Nancy McKenzie,  Queen of Camelot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39222,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages 
happy',
            'Author': 'Phyllis McGinley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39239,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the first time in his life he understood why the Bible called sex "knowing". Everything was 
different. Now he knew Dante. He\'d known Dante. And wonder of wonders, Dante had known him right back.',
            'Author': 'Damon Suede,  Hot Head'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39248,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge 
of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.',
            'Author': 'Charles L. Whitfield,  Boundaires and Relationships, Knowing, Protecting and Enjoying the Self'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39258,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The tragedy of preparedness has scarcely been handled, save by the Greeks. Life is indeed dangerous, 
but not in the way morality would have us believe. It is indeed unmanageable, but the essence of it is not a battle. It is 
unmanageable because it is a romance, and its essence is romantic beauty.',
            'Author': 'E.M. Forster,  Howards End'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wonder that religion can live or die on the strength of a faint, stirring breeze. The scent trail 
shifts, causing the predator to miss the pounce. One god draws in the breath of life and rises; another god expires.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39273,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The ideal art, the noblest of art: working with the complexities of life, refusing to simplify, to 
"overcome"doubt.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Carol Oates,  The Journal of Joyce Carol Oates: 1973-1982'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy 
hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this 
war with the forces of oblivion.',
            'Author': 'Umberto Eco,  The Name of the Rose'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All his life, Klaus had believed that if you read enough books, you could solve any problem, but now 
he wasn't so sure.",
            'Author': 'Lemony Snicket,  The Bad Beginning'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39310,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The five points of yama, together with the five points of niyama, remind us of the Ten Commandments 
of the Christtian and Jewish faiths, as well as of the ten virtues of Buddhism. In fact, there is no religion without these
moral or ethical codes. All spiritual life should be based on these things. They are the foundation stones without which we
can never build anything lasting. (127)',
            'Author': 'Swami Satchidananda,  The Yoga Sutras'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39324,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happily Single"is recognizing that you don’t need or want to be rescued from your life by a handsome 
prince because your life is pretty awesome, as is.',
            'Author': 'Mandy Hale,  The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39333,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Contentment and happiness didn't exist in my life for more than a few moments at a time, and they 
were really only illusionary. There was always something hidden. Lying in wait to spring up and ruin everything.",
            'Author': 'Sylvia Day,  Bared to You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few 
who stop to consider the antithesis; that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable.',
            'Author': 'Primo Levi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39342,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the few things in life that cannot possibly do harm in the end is the honest pursuit of the 
truth.',
            'Author': 'Peter Kreeft,  Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39351,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be content not with your lot in life but with being here in the flow of life. The glories of creation
are in your very cells; you are made of the same mindstuff as the angels, the stars, and god himself.',
            'Author': 'Deepak Chopra,  The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you know that everything matters—that every move counts as much as any other—you will begin 
living a life of permanent purpose.',
            'Author': 'Andy Andrews'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39361,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before you came into my life, I believed that God had abandoned me.Now I know that He has blessed me 
beyond measure. -sir Bannor-',
            'Author': 'Teresa Medeiros,  Charming the Prince'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39364,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But often life asks much of you, and you either honor life by answering with all your heart, or you 
cower your way into your grave.',
            'Author': 'James Clemens,  Hinterland'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true
character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want 
ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May ♥",
            'Author': 'May Water'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39392,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What\'s the difference?"You ask meThe difference is, a smile touches my lipsWhen I remember both the 
memory of you entering my lifeAnd the memory of you leaving my life',
            'Author': 'Tammy-Louise Wilkins,  My Intimate Poetry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39402,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When most of the greatest individuals in history were misunderstood and you've spent so much of your 
own adult life misunderstood, you can't help but believe that the majority of people know very little worth knowing.",
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading is like travel, allowing you to exit your own life for a bit, and to come back with a 
renewed, even inspired, perspective.',
            'Author': 'Laurie A. Helgoe,  Introvert Power: Why Your Inner Life Is Your Hidden Strength'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39409,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'May you live in such a way that your death is just the beginning of your life.',
            'Author': 'Max Lucado,  Outlive Your Life: You Were Made to Make A Difference'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39450,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Sometimes I feel my whole life has been one big rejection.', 'Author': 'Marilyn Monroe'}
    },
    {
        'id': 39453,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39470,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Normal is over rated, and so is spelling.You want perfection? Go out and buy a spell check, but know 
this: Spellcheck won't keep you warm at night or love you unconditionaly. I will stick to being abnormal and a bad speller.
Makes life more interesting. After all, what fun is there in being normal or perfect?",
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39514,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What is a man's life but a prelude to his death? And what is death but a long sleep, a most welcome 
forgetfulness.",
            'Author': 'Lisa M. Klein,  Ophelia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39519,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...all of our laments could not add a single second to her life, not one additional beat of the 
heart, nor a breath.',
            'Author': "Audrey Niffenegger,  The Time Traveler's Wife"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39580,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We have different forms assigned to us in the school of life, different gifts imparted. All is not 
attractive that is good. Iron is useful, though it does not sparkle like the diamond. Gold has not the fragrance of a 
flower. So different persons have various modes of excellence, and we must have an eye to all.',
            'Author': 'William Wilberforce'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39600,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The function of the university is not simply to teach breadwinning, or to furnish teachers for the 
public schools, or to be a centre of polite society; it is, above all, to be the organ of that fine adjustment between real
life and the growing knowledge of life, an adjustment which forms the secret of civilization.',
            'Author': 'W.E.B. Du Bois'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39634,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of 
love and practice it with your beloved one.',
            'Author': 'Carlos Barrios'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39635,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You tell me: 'Life is hard to bear.' But if it were otherwise why should you have your pride in the 
morning and your resignation in the evening?Life is hard to bear: but do not pretend to be so tender! We are all of us 
pretty fine asses and asseses of burden!",
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche,  Thus Spoke Zarathustra'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who 
haven't taken the risk to be happy. And I don't want to be one of those",
            'Author': 'Guillaume Musso,  Que serais-je sans toi?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39654,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Out of the cacophony of random suffering and chaos that can mark human life, the life artist sees or 
creates a symphony of meaning and order. A life of wholeness does not depend on what we experience. Wholeness depends on 
how we experience our lives.',
            'Author': 'Desmond Tutu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For while directly we say that it [the length of human life] is ages long, we are reminded that it is
briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground.',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  Orlando'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'O child of God, be more careful to keep the way of the Lord, more concentrated in heart in seeking 
His glory, and you will see the loving-kindness and the tender mercy of the Lord in your life.',
            'Author': "Charles Haddon Spurgeon,  Grace God's Unmerited Favor"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives.',
            'Author': 'A. Sachs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If
you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it 
all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I 
always say, a friend is for life!',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39694,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And must I then, indeed, Pain, live with youall through my life?-sharing my fire, my bed,Sharing-oh, 
worst of all things!-the same head?-And, when I feed myself, feeding you too?',
            'Author': 'Edna St. Vincent Millay,  Mine the Harvest'
        }
    },
    {'id': 39696, 'record': {'Quote': 'Poetry is a life-cherishing force.', 'Author': 'Mary Oliver'}},
    {
        'id': 39719,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let us record the atoms as they fall upon the mind in the order in which they fall, let us trace the 
pattern, however disconnected and incoherent in appearance, which each sight or incident scores upon the consciousness. Let
us not take it for granted that life exists more fully in what is commonly thought big than in what is commonly thought 
small.',
            'Author': 'Virginia Woolf,  The Common Reader'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39728,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.',
            'Author': 'Daniel Willey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The enduring attraction of war is this: Even with its destruction and carnage it can give us what we 
long for in life. It can give us purpose, meaning, a reason for living.',
            'Author': 'Chris Hedges,  War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning'
        }
    },
    {'id': 39744, 'record': {'Quote': 'The wise man reads both books and life itself.', 'Author': 'Lin Yutang'}},
    {
        'id': 39755,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In reality there are no separate events. Life moves along like water, it's all connected to the 
source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean.",
            'Author': 'Alan W. Watts,  The Essential Alan Watts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39759,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To live is not to breathe but to act. It is to make use of our organs, our senses, our faculties, of 
all the parts of ourselves which give us the sentiment of our existence. The man who has lived the most is not he who has 
counted the most years but he who has most felt life.',
            'Author': 'Jean-Jacques Rousseau,  Emile or On Education'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Their Maker, she said, gives them the sky to carry because they are strong. These people do not know 
who they are, but if you see a lot of trouble in your life, it is because you were chosen to carry part of the sky on your 
head. -pg. 25',
            'Author': 'Edwidge Danticat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39767,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In societies where modern conditions of production prevail, all of life presents itself as an immense
accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has moved away into a representation.',
            'Author': 'Guy Debord'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39768,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; life
is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39785,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation 
can really be a bad one.',
            'Author': 'Paul Brunton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39796,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe in God the way I believe in quarks. People whose business it is to know about quantum 
physics or religion tell me they have good reason to believe that quarks and God exist. And they tell me that if I wanted 
to devote my life to learning what they've learned, I'd find quarks and God just like they did.",
            'Author': 'Mary Doria Russell,  The Sparrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'John Lennon said life was what happened while you made other plans. So was death.',
            'Author': 'Richard Castle,  Heat Rises'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39807,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God is alive, real, and wants to heal you in every aspect of your life where you are hurting.',
            'Author': 'Robert A. Schuller'
        }
    },
    {'id': 39808, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a predicament which precedes death.', 'Author': 'Henry James'}},
    {
        'id': 39810,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Now I\'m making a decision. I choose life. I shall live because there are few people I want to stay 
with for the longest possible time and because I have duties to discharge. It is not my concern whether or not life has 
meaning. If I am unable to forgive, then I shall try to forget. I shall live by force and cunning."\xad',
            'Author': 'tayeb saleh,  Season of Migration to the North'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39823,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think that knowledge enslaves us, that at the base of all knowledge there is a servility, the 
acceptation of a way of life wherein each moment has meaning only in relation to another or others that will follow it.',
            'Author': 'Georges Bataille,  The Unfinished System of Nonknowledge'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39831,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I knew how a lot of my relationships would have turned out, I never would have gotten involved in 
them... And I would have missed out on some of the best times in my life.',
            'Author': 'L.A. Witt,  Rules of Engagement'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Public libraries have been a mainstay of my life. They represent an individual's right to acquire 
knowledge; they are the sinews that bind civilized societies the world over. Without libraries, I would be a pauper, 
intellectually and spiritually.",
            'Author': 'James A. Michener'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39852,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[A young adult novel] ends not with happily ever after, but at a new beginning, with the sense of a 
lot of life yet to be lived.',
            'Author': 'Richard Peck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Yet rather than calling the earliest religions, which embraced such an open acceptance of all human 
sexuality, 'fertility cults,' we might consider the religions of today as strange in that they seem to associate shame and 
even sin with the very process of conceiving new human life. Perhaps centuries from now scholars and historians will be 
classifying them as 'sterility cults.",
            'Author': 'Merlin Stone,  When God Was a Woman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39866,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are educated. Yourcertification is in yourdegree. You may think ofit as the ticket to the 
goodlife. Let me ask you to think of analternative. Think of it as yourticket to change the world.',
            'Author': 'Tom Brokaw'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39871,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Always, the eye sees more than the mind can comprehend, and we go through life self-blinded to much 
that lies before us. We want a simple world, but we live in a magnificently complex one, and rather than open ourselves to 
it, we perceive the world through filters that make it less daunting.',
            'Author': 'Dean Koontz,  Relentless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39873,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment 
within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, 
and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.",
            'Author': "Jimmy Carter,  Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39878,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is difficult.',
            'Author': 'M. Scott Peck,  The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual 
Growth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39884,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To make a deliberate falsification for personal gain is the last, worst depth to which either scholar
or artist can descend in work or life.(Letter to Muriel St. Clare Byrne, 8 September 1935)',
            'Author': 'Dorothy L. Sayers,  The Letters of Dorothy L. Sayers. Vol. 1, 1899-1936: The Making of a Detective 
Novelist'
        }
    },
    {'id': 39886, 'record': {'Quote': 'Our true mentor in life is science.', 'Author': 'Mustafa Kemal Atatürk'}},
    {
        'id': 39889,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Boost Your Self Esteem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39890,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I read because one life isn't enough, and in the page of a book I can be anybody.",
            'Author': 'R. Peck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39897,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "When you're on top and you lead the parade, everyone's there throwing lilies and lilac water on your 
head. But when those parades have gone by and there's a storm in your heart, there are very few people that are going to 
sit there and listen to you bemoan life.",
            'Author': 'Sylvester Stallone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39904,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. 
That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life.',
            'Author': 'Gregory David Roberts,  Shantaram'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore 
happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the 
good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though 
fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39944,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Today is Your Day to Dance Lightly with Life. It Really Is.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Lockwood Huie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39966,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I was with a friend of mine recently who was dying and while he was lying there with his family 
around his bed, I just knew that was it, that was the best you can hope for in life - to have your family and the people 
who love you around you at the end.',
            'Author': 'Ewan McGregor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39974,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Isn't life,' she stammered, 'isn't life--' But what life was she couldn't explain. No matter. He 
quite understood.'Isn't it, darling?' said Laurie.",
            'Author': 'Katherine Mansfield,  The Garden Party and Other Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 39999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth.',
            'Author': 'Mortimer J. Adler,  How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't take anything you don't give me. Stop giving me power over your life.",
            'Author': 'Chelsea M. Cameron,  Deeper We Fall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "…words have been all my life, all my life--this need is like the Spider's need who carries before her
a huge Burden of Silk which she must spin out--the silk is her life, her home, her safety--her food and drink too--and if 
it is attacked or pulled down, why, what can she do but make more, spin afresh, design anew….",
            'Author': 'A.S. Byatt,  Possession'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fiction that adds up, that suggests a "logical consistency,"or an explanation of some kind, is surely
second-rate fiction; for the truth of life is its mystery.',
            'Author': 'Joyce Carol Oates,  The Journal of Joyce Carol Oates: 1973-1982'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My life looked good on paper - where, in fact, almost all of it was being lived.',
            'Author': 'Martin Amis,  Experience: A Memoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40055,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to 
lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.',
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40062,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you 
happen to life… and you lead.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There isn’t any particular relationship between the messages, except that the author has chosen them 
carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There 
is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths 
of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut,  Slaughterhouse-Five'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40082,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am my own sanctuary and I can be reborn as many times as I choose throughout my life.',
            'Author': 'Lady Gaga'
        }
    },
    {'id': 40086, 'record': {'Quote': 'Art is eternal, but life is short.', 'Author': 'Evelyn de Morgan'}},
    {
        'id': 40087,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My own life is wonderful, but if I had to live the life of someone else, I'd gladly choose that of 
Julia Child or Dr. Seuss: two outrageously original people, each of whom fashioned an idiosyncratic wisdom, passion for 
life, and sense of humor into an art form that anyone and everyone could savor.",
            'Author': 'Julia Glass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies; One 
thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies; The Flower that once has blown forever dies.',
            'Author': 'Omar Khayyám'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40117,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed,cut holes in it, and called it a human being.Since then, 
it's been wailing a tender agonyof parting, never mentioning the skillthat gave it life as a flute",
            'Author': 'Rumi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40142,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is born in mind that the tragedy of life does not lie in not reaching the goal. The tragedy of 
life lies in having no goal to reach.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin E. Mays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40149,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The goal of prayer is to live all of my life and speak all of my words in the joyful awareness of the
presence of God.Prayer becomes real when we grasp the reality and goodness of God's constant presence with 'the real me.' 
Jesus lived his everyday life in conscious awareness of his Father.",
            'Author': "John Ortberg Jr.,  The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You"
        }
    },
    {'id': 40173, 'record': {'Quote': 'A life is not a waste of time', 'Author': "Nalini Singh,  Angels' Blood"}},
    {
        'id': 40184,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your
own reckoning.",
            'Author': 'Isaac Asimov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40190,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I spend the rest of the afternoon trying to explain to Zoe one of the very saddest notions in love 
and life: sometimes the timing is wrong--and sometimes you realize the heart of the matter way to late in the game.',
            'Author': 'Emily Giffin,  Baby Proof'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40197,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ask him why there are hypocrites in the world.''Because it is hard to bear the happiness of 
others.''When are we happy?''When we desire nothing and realize that possession is only momentary, and so are forever 
playing.''What is regret?''To realize that one has spent one's life worrying about the future.''What is sorrow?''To long 
for the past.''What is the highest pleasure?''To hear a good story.",
            'Author': 'Vikram Chandra,  Red Earth and Pouring Rain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "[Bobby Tom] finally understood Gracie's function in his life. She was God's joke on him.",
            'Author': 'Susan Elizabeth Phillips,  Heaven, Texas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40219,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'YOU are your love of a lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Make your life like toilet paper. Long and usefull.',
            'Author': 'Wolfgang Riebe,  100 Quotes to Make You Think!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell the story as if it were only of interest to the small circle of your characters, of which you 
may be one. There is no other way to put life into the story.',
            'Author': 'Horacio Quiroga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I don't teach writing. I teach patience. Toughness. Stubbornness. The willingness to fail. I teach 
the life. The odd thing is most of the things that stop an inexperienced writer are so far from the truth as to be nearly 
beside the point. When you feel glosbal doubt about your talent, that is your talent. People who have no talent don't have 
any doubt.",
            'Author': 'Richard Bausch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40241,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Now, what I want is Facts. Teach these boys and girls nothing but Facts. Facts alone are wanted in 
life. Plant nothing else, and root out everything else. You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts; 
nothing else will ever be of any service to them.',
            'Author': 'Charles Dickens,  Hard Times'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40248,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live life with a purpose and live it full out.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40260,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The wonderful thing about books is that they allow us to enter imaginatively into someone else’s 
life. And when we do that, we learn to sympathize with other people. But the real surprise is that we also learn truths 
about ourselves, about our own lives, that somehow we hadn’t been able to see before.',
            'Author': 'Katherine Paterson'
        }
    },
    {'id': 40261, 'record': {'Quote': 'Science is the most reliable guide in life.', 'Author': 'Mustafa Kemal Atatürk'}},
    {
        'id': 40271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whatever I learned,Whatever I knew,Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew,Away in some 
dilemma,Always in some confusion,The purpose of this life,Seems like an illusion!',
            'Author': 'Mehek Bassi,  Chained: Can you escape fate?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Observe the movements of the stars as if you were running their courses with them, and let your mind 
constantly dwell on the changes of the elements into each other. Such imaginings wash away the filth of life on the 
ground.',
            'Author': 'Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40290,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people
control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact 
that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.',
            'Author': 'Courtney Giardina,  Holding on to Georgia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40321,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For what it's worth: it's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're 
proud of, and if you find you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.",
            'Author': 'F. Scott Fitzgerald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'the first quality of an honest man is contempt for religion, which would have us afraid of the most 
natural thing in the world, which is death; and would have us hate the one beautiful thing destiny has given us, which is 
life.',
            'Author': 'Umberto Eco,  The Island of the Day Before'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40340,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Bushido is realized in the presence of death. This means choosing death whenever there is a choice 
between life and death. There is no other reasoning.',
            'Author': 'Tsunetomo Yamamoto,  Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40359,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the Cross is salvation; in the Cross is life; in the Cross is protection against our enemies; in 
the Cross is infusion of heavenly sweetness; in the Cross is strength of mind; in the Cross is joy of spirit; in the Cross 
is excellence of virtue; in the Cross is perfection of holiness. There is no salvation of soul, nor hope of eternal life, 
save in the Cross.',
            'Author': 'Thomas à Kempis,  The Inner Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our knowledge of life is limited to death',
            'Author': 'Erich Maria Remarque,  All Quiet on the Western Front'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40372,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are only two ways to live your life. One as if all that matters is to have someone love and 
accept you. The other is as though loving and accepting another person is all that matters. Often, when you choose the 
second you get the first.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40380,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We make time for what we truly value. We build habits and routines around the things that really 
matter to us. This is an important principle to understand as we seek to build our lives around the gospel. Do you want a 
cross centered life? A cross centered life is made up of cross centered days.',
            'Author': 'C.J. Mahaney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40394,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Decide that you like college life. In your dorm you meet many nice people. Some are smarter than you.
And some, you notice, are dumber than you. You will continue, unfortunately, to view the world in exactly these terms for 
the rest of your life.',
            'Author': 'Lorrie Moore,  Self-Help'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40395,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Man is nothing else but what he purposes, he exists only in so far as he realizes himself, he is 
therefore nothing else but the sum of his actions, nothing else but what his life is.',
            'Author': 'Jean-Paul Sartre'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds 
purpose of a life in reason.',
            'Author': 'Johann Gottfried Herder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'NOT UNTIL I MET YOUNot until I felt your sunshine,Did I realize that I had been in the shade.Not 
until I saw all your colors,Did I realize that mine had faded.Not until I heard your dreams,Did I realize that I was still 
sleeping.And not until I experienced my life with you,Did I realize that I was barelyBreathing.',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The lifetime of a human being is measured by decades, the lifetime of the Sun is a hundred million 
times longer. Compared to a star, we are like mayflies, fleeting ephemeral creatures who live out their lives in the course
of a single day.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sagan,  Cosmos'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Instead of trying to make your life perfect, give yourself the freedom to make it an adventure, and 
go ever upward.',
            'Author': 'Drew Houston'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40448,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And, drunk with my own madness, I shouted at him furiously, "Make life beautiful! Make life 
beautiful!',
            'Author': 'Charles Baudelaire'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we
consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the 
road.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In practical life we are compelled to follow what is most probable ; in speculative thought we are 
compelled to follow truth.',
            'Author': 'Baruch Spinoza,  The Letters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40483,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can't die yet, doctor. Not yet. I have things to do. Afterwords I'll have a whole lifetime in which
to die.",
            'Author': "Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Angel's Game"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40488,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is, to me, proof of the existence of God. It is so extraordinarily full of magic, and in tough 
times of my life I can listen to music and it makes such a difference.',
            'Author': 'Kurt Vonnegut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40494,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To hope under the most extreme circumstances is an act of defiance that permits a person to live his 
life on his own terms. It is part of the human spirit to endure and give a miracle a chance to happen.',
            'Author': 'Jerome Groopman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40496,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has 
stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40499,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never pity missionaries; envy them. They are where the real action is -- where life and death, sin 
and grace, Heaven and Hell converge.',
            'Author': 'Robert C. Shannon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40500,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Only those few who are able to surpass their fear of death completely can fully experience the 
highest forms of life; not the mundane life of the mortal, but the godly life of the resurrected.',
            'Author': 'Zeena Schreck'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40556,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A woman's got one life: She's got to reach out and grab it with both hands, or it'll pass her by and 
leave nothing but a smelly old fart in her face.",
            'Author': 'Robin Schone,  Scandalous Lovers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face 
all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils".',
            'Author': 'Robert Louis Stevenson,  An Apology for Idlers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40575,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The average man, who does not know what to do with his life, wants another one which will last 
forever.',
            'Author': 'Anatole France'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40599,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Even knowing that my presence brought a shadow over the lives of my loved ones, I can't regret the 
experiences I've had with them. They gave me life, becoming an integral part of my soul. They healed me when I was broken 
and somehow they recovered those parts of me, I thought lost forever.",
            'Author': 'J.D. Stroube,  Caged by Damnation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every time you step on the football field in between those lines you're putting your life, your 
career, every single ligament in your body in jeopardy.",
            'Author': 'Robert Griffin III'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. To
the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. There is a kind of gestalt-shift between the two positions which makes it hard
to change, and hard to raise questions on the matter at all without becoming embattled.',
            'Author': 'Mary Midgley,  Animals and Why They Matter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is your idea of earthly happiness? To be vindicated in my own lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Christopher Hitchens,  Hitch-22: A Memoir'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40666,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We live in a world that is beyond our control, and life is in a constant flux of change. So we have a
decision to make: keep trying to control a storm that is not going to go away or start learning how to live within the 
rain.',
            'Author': 'Glenn Pemberton,  Hurting with God'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If in my life I fail completely to heed others, solely out of a desire to be 'devout' and to perform 
my 'religious duties', then my relationship with God will also grow arid. It becomes merely 'proper', but loveless.",
            'Author': 'Pope Benedict XVI,  God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40673,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The nature of the enemy's warfare in your life is to cause you to become discouraged and to cast away
your confidence. Not that you would necessarily discard your salvation, but you could give up your hope of God's 
deliverance. The enemy wants to numb you into a coping kind of Christianity that has given up hope of seeing God's 
resurrection power.",
            'Author': 'Bob Sorge,  Glory: When Heaven Invades Earth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40687,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He gave her a bright fake smile; so much of life was a putting off of unhappiness for another time. 
Nothing was ever lost by delay. He had a dim idea that perhaps if one delayed long enough, things were taken out of one's 
hands altogether by death.",
            'Author': 'Graham Greene,  The Heart of the Matter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40707,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God is the reason I’m surviving, but he’s sure used you in my life wonderfully. I love you.',
            'Author': "Esther Earl,  This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40713,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death, my son, is a good thing for all men; it is the night for this worried day that we call life. 
It is in the sleep of death that finds rest for eternity the sickness, pain, desperation, and the fears that agitate, 
without end, we unhappy living souls.',
            'Author': 'Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre,  Paul et Virginie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40730,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Romantic haste in drama bringstears and sighs when the hero diesbut the curtain fall is finalwhen in 
life we take the tragic wayThe sunset too is a glorious thingbut with it ends the day.',
            'Author': 'C. P. Klapper,  The Washington Poems'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40794,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.",
            'Author': 'Bobby Orr'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40808,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If a rat is a good model for your emotional life, you're in big trouble.",
            'Author': 'Robert M. Sapolsky'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Thrill me, chill me I went in search of money and success, all I got was a bellyful of excess! Now 
that I've realigned myself I’m on my tip-toes because life is sweet! I'm overwhelmed with gratitude for all the blessings 
that are manifesting in my life … neat!",
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you`re wondering how you`ll find time, it means you don`t really want to read. Because nobody`s 
ever got time. Children certainly haven`t, nor have teenagers or grown-ups. Life always gets in the way. <...>Time to read 
is always time stolen. <...>Stolen from what? From the tyranny of living.”- p.125',
            'Author': 'Daniel Pennac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40821,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stuart Hall was an utterly unique figure. Although he arrived at the age of 19 from Jamaica and spent
the rest of his life here, he never felt at home in Britain. This juxtaposition was a crucial source of his strength and 
originality. Because of his colour and origin, he saw the country differently - not as a native, but as an outsider.',
            'Author': 'Martin Jacques'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40843,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.',
            'Author': 'Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40849,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make 
a boring life interesting.',
            'Author': 'Peter Kreeft,  Jesus-Shock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40856,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life; it can introduce us to it. It does not constitute 
it ... There are certain cases of spiritual depression in which reading can become a sort of curative discipline ... 
reintroducing a lazy mind into the life of the Spirit.',
            'Author': 'Marcel Proust'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40867,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn howto untangle the threads and weave 
a tapestry that matches your desires.',
            'Author': 'Dannye Williamsen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40868,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "People with a grudge against the world are always dangerous. They seem to think life owes them 
something. I've known many an invalid who has suffered worse and been cut off from life much more . . . and they've managed
to lead happy contented lives. It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.",
            'Author': 'Agatha Christie,  A Murder Is Announced'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to 
the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and 
success.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {'id': 40887, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.', 'Author': 'Mervyn Peake,  Titus Groan'}},
    {
        'id': 40898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For death is life. It is only living that is lifeless.',
            'Author': 'Mervyn Peake,  Titus Groan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is good that a man's enemies want him dead, for it proves he has lived a life of worth.",
            'Author': 'Forrest Carter,  The Outlaw Josey Wales'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40904,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Sometimes in life we take a leap of faith. Remember, the leap is not about getting from one side to 
the other. It's simply about taking the leap....and trusting the air, the universal breath, will support your wings so that
you may soar.",
            'Author': 'Kristi Bowman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40911,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.',
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins,  Jitterbug Perfume'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40919,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Though wrong gratifies in the moment, good yields its gifts over a lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Desmond Tutu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40922,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'O weep for Adonis - He is dead.""Peace. He is not dead he doth not sleep - he hath wakened from the 
dream of life',
            'Author': 'Percy Bysshe Shelley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have been happy, though in a dream.I have been happy-and I love the theme:Dreams! in their vivid 
colouring of lifeAs in that fleeting, shadowy, misty strife',
            'Author': 'Edgar Allan Poe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40972,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What each of us believes in is up to us, but life is impossible without believing in something.',
            'Author': "Kentetsu Takamori,  Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40977,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Tell me this--if you knew you would be poor as a church mouse all your life--if you knew you'd never 
have a line published--would you still go on writing--would you?''Of course I would,' said Emily disdainfully. 'Why, I have
to write--I can't help it at times--I've just got to.",
            'Author': 'L.M. Montgomery,  Emily of New Moon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 40991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I live my life in widening circleThat reach out across the world. I may not ever complete the last 
one,But I give myself to it. I circle around God, that primordial tower.I have been circling for thousands of years,And I 
still don't know: am I a falcon,A storm, or a great song? [I, 2]",
            'Author': "Rainer Maria Rilke,  Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41015,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.MRS ALLONBY: And 
the body is born young and grows old. That is life's tragedy.",
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde,  A Woman of No Importance'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41017,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The universe danced towards life. Life was a remarkably common commodity. Anything sufficiently 
complicated seemed to get cut in for some, in the same way that anything massive enough got a generous helping of gravity. 
The universe had a definite tendency towards awareness. This suggested a certain subtle cruelty woven into the very fabric 
of space-time.',
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Soul Music'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41033,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Creativity sparks originality which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. To depreciate 
imagination is to depreciate life.',
            'Author': 'Alecia Stone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's hard to say. Sometimes people have had terrible childhoods. And sometimes they just haven't 
found their special place in life. And sometimes they're dogs from hell and must be destroyed.",
            'Author': 'Charles Addams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41071,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before you tell your life what you intend to do with it, listen for what it intends to do with you. 
Before you tell your life what truths and values you have decided to live up to, let your life tell you what truths you 
embody, what values you represent.',
            'Author': 'Parker J. Palmer,  Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can’t live your life thinking death is going to come all the time. You have to live life and if 
it comes, then we can only hope we were able to do all the things we wanted. He has to want to do something. Everyone 
does.',
            'Author': 'Shelena Shorts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We are all resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.",
            'Author': 'Graham Greene,  The Heart of the Matter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the
dead, and a very rare species.',
            'Author': 'Friedrich Nietzsche,  The Gay Science: with a Prelude in Rhymes and an Appendix of Songs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You said \'God is cruel\' the way a person who\'s lived his whole life on Tahiti might say \'Snow is 
cold\'. You knew, but you didn\'t understand."He stepped close to David and put his palms on the boy\'s cold cheeks. "Do 
you know how cruel your God can be, David. How fantastically cruel?',
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  Desperation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41106,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You view the gods as entities without,"Montolio tried to explain. "You see them as physical beings 
trying to control our actions for their own ends, and thus you, in your stubborn independance, reject them. The gods are 
within, I say, whether one has named his own or not. You have followed Mielikki all your life, Drizzt. You merely never had
a name to put on your heart.',
            'Author': 'R.A. Salvatore,  Sojourn'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41115,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you tire of living, change itself seems evil, does it not? for then any change at all disturbs 
the deathlike peace of the life-weary.',
            'Author': 'Walter M. Miller Jr.,  A Canticle for Leibowitz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41118,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whenever you see flies or insects in a still life—a wilted petal, a black spot on the apple—the 
painter is giving you a secret message. He’s telling you that living things don’t last—it’s all temporary. Death in life. 
That’s why they’re called natures mortes. Maybe you don’t see it at first with all the beauty and bloom, the little speck 
of rot. But if you look closer—there it is.',
            'Author': 'Donna Tartt,  The Goldfinch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41124,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become
any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better 
and becoming even more better.",
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41141,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a mystery to be lived not a problem to be solved', 'Author': 'Clive Ollies'}
    },
    {
        'id': 41146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As I saw it, all my mother's life, my father held her down, like lead strapped to her ankles.She 
wasbuoyant by nature;she wanted to travel,go to the theater, go to museums.What he wantedwas to lie on the couchwith the 
Timesover his face,so that death, when it came,wouldn't seem a significant change.",
            'Author': 'Louise Glück,  Ararat'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41159,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "it's good for you to write down your thoughts. It'stherapeutic because it forces you to slow down and
think aboutlife.",
            'Author': 'Katie Kacvinsky,  Awaken'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41162,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in
want of a wife,' I said, sighing.'Is it?' said Veronica, looking surprised. 'Universally acknowledged? Surely that 
presupposes life similar to human societies beyond this planet, and besides--''No, no, it's a quote from ... Never mind,' I
said.",
            'Author': 'Michelle Cooper,  The FitzOsbornes in Exile'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41175,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have you realized that today is the tomorrow you talked about yesterday? It is your responsibility to
change your life for the better.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41181,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is short only if you are not living your purpose.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41195,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What we're learning in our schools is not the wisdom of life. We're learning technologies, we're 
getting information. There's a curious reluctance on the part of faculties to indicate the life values of their subjects.",
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41206,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A sure way of retaining the grace of heaven is to disregard outward appearances, and diligently to 
cultivate such things as foster amendment of life and fervour of soul, rather than to cultivate those qualities that seem 
most popular.',
            'Author': 'Thomas à Kempis,  The Inner Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our experience is coloured through and through by books and plays and the cinema, and it takes 
patience and skill to disentangle the things we have really learned from life for ourselves.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "For my senior prom, my father finally said I could go - as long as I was home by 9 P.M.! That was 
around the time that most people were heading out. When I was little I was so mad at them all the time. 'Why can't I do 
this?' 'Why are there so many rules?' But looking back now, my parents gave me the foundation to have so many choices in 
life.",
            'Author': 'Amy Chua'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41233,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Possibility, infinity, beauty -- none of those words were right. [...] What he really wanted to say 
was: have you felt this? this phantom life streaking like a phosphorescent hound at the edges of your ruin?',
            'Author': 'Haven Kimmel,  The Solace Of Leaving Early'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that life's 
intimacy does not reveal it's dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out.",
            'Author': 'Georges Bataille,  Theory of Religion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become 
a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to 
correct what is wrong. – Bill W.',
            'Author': 'Bill W.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41248,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to 
take the time. And she was right.",
            'Author': 'April Genevieve Tucholke,  Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41262,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And so it turned out that only a life similar to the life of those around us, merging with it without
a ripple, is genuine life, and that an unshared happiness is not happiness.',
            'Author': 'Boris Pasternak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41266,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water 
it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 
'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?",
            'Author': 'H. Rider Haggard,  She'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41273,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.',
            'Author': 'Wayne W. Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41311,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Christian life is not about pleasing God the finger-shaker and judge. It is not about believing 
now or being good now for the sake of heaven later. It is about entering a relationship in the present that begins to 
change everything now. Spirituality is about this process: the opening of the heart to the God who is already here.',
            'Author': 'Marcus J. Borg,  The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary 
Faith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41323,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning 
out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41328,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.', 'Author': 'Danielle Pierre'}
    },
    {
        'id': 41342,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If I knew everything, life would be lonely, as everyone else would want to explore the world, and I’d
be content with a cat on my lap sitting in the dark.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Seriously delirious, but not at all serious'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41344,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It dawns on you one day... how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to 
cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking,
“My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have no argument with those who see in organized religion a template or an imperative to live life 
according to a prescribed set of beliefs. Just give others the room, within the laws of civil society, to believe or not 
believe whatever they like.',
            'Author': 'Michael J. Fox,  Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41394,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You will have fewer regrets in life if you start focusing and taking responsiblity for where you are 
and where you want to be.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41396,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is my belief...that the talents every child has, regardless of his official 'I.Q,' could stay with
him through life, to enrich him and everybody else, if these talents were not regarded as commodities with a value in the 
success-stakes.",
            'Author': 'Doris Lessing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41404,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is 
the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41407,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing 
without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That 
alone affects the world.',
            'Author': 'Mike Norton,  White Mountain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Campbell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41440,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been 
able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If 
we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.',
            'Author': 'Mortimer J. Adler,  How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41443,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his
own desires. The spectacle’s estrangement from the acting subject is expressed by the fact that the individual’s gestures 
are no longer his own; they are the gestures of someone else who represents them to him.',
            'Author': 'Guy Debord,  The Society of the Spectacle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41463,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something
altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will 
come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.',
            'Author': 'Andy Andrews,  The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either. There's both sweet and sour in every day. So
why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful? Concentrate on the good.",
            'Author': 'Richelle E. Goodrich,  Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "His whole life was a sham, a fairy tale. The truth hidden behind a wall of lies, each lie another 
brick in the wall until he probably couldn't see the truth anymore.",
            'Author': 'Shaun Jeffrey,  The Kult'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would rather die an individual than live my life as a clone.',
            'Author': 'Cristina Marrero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41493,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope is sweet.Hope is illumining.Hope is fulfilling.Hope can be everlasting.Therefore, do not give up
hope,Even in the sunset of your life.',
            'Author': "Sri Chinmoy,  My Life's Soul-Journey: Daily Meditations for Ever-Increasing Spiritual Fulfillment"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41508,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the
false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is 
cast off, there is nothing but this.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer DeLucy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41512,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Don’t simply exist in this world, but grasp life’s potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can.
Make life historical—a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery—a challenging, bold adventure. Make life 
heartfelt—an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairytale.',
            'Author': 'Richelle E. Goodrich,  Eena, The Return of a Queen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had always felt life first as a story: and if there is a story there is a story-teller',
            'Author': 'G.K. Chesterton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41518,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says:"Leave no stone
unturned.',
            'Author': 'Edward Bulwer-Lytton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no formula to relationships. They have to be negotiated in loving ways, with room for both 
parties, what they want and what they need, what they can do and what their life is like.',
            'Author': 'Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We, all who live, haveA life that is livedAnd another life that is thought,And the only life we 
haveIt's the one that is dividedIn right or wrong.",
            'Author': 'Fernando Pessoa'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How dull it is to pause, to make an end,To rust unburnish’d, not to shine in use!As tho’ to breathe 
were life!',
            'Author': 'Alfred Lord Tennyson,  Ulysses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Happy wife, happy life.',
            'Author': "Paul Orfalea,  Copy This!: Lessons from a Hyperactive Dyslexic who Turned a Bright Idea Into One of 
America's Best Companies"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything in this life passes away — only God remains, only He is worth struggling towards. We have 
a choice: to follow the way of this world, of the society that surrounds us, and thereby find ourselves outside of God; or 
to choose the way of life, to choose God Who calls us and for Whom our heart is searching.',
            'Author': 'Seraphim Rose'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41567,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength 
to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes 
success.',
            'Author': 'Sri Chinmoy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41572,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But there was a special kind of gift that came with embracing the chaos, even if I cursed most of the
way. I'm convinced that, when everything is wiped blank, it's life 's way of forcing you to become acquainted with and 
aware of who you are now, who you can become. What is the fulfillment of your soul?",
            'Author': 'Jennifer DeLucy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Of all the questions I have asked my readers this is the most important: What would you do if you 
weren't afraid? When you finally give wings to that answer then you have found your life's purpose.",
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41613,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is too short to spend in negativity. So I have made a conscious effort to not be where I don't 
want to be.",
            'Author': 'Hugh Dillon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41656,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains 
of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.',
            'Author': 'Lincoln Patz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41664,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life must go on, even if it's no joke...just pretend to believe in the future.",
            'Author': 'Louis-Ferdinand Céline,  North'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41665,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Destiny isn't something you make as you're told. By overcoming difficulties, life and this whole 
world can advance forward. That's what destiny is for. A world that has lost the power to advance forward, will be 
destroyed - Aladdin",
            'Author': 'Shinobu Ohtaka'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41667,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was becoming clearer and clearer that if I wanted to come to the end of my life and not say, “I’ve
wasted it!” then I would need to press all the way in, and all the way up, to the ultimate purpose of God and join him in 
it. If my life was to have a single, all-satisfying, unifying passion, it would have to be God’s passion.',
            'Author': "John Piper,  Don't Waste Your Life"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To be a child means to owe one's existence to another, and even in our adult life we never quite 
reach the point where we no longer have to give thanks for being the person we are.",
            'Author': 'Hans Urs von Balthasar,  Unless You Become Like This Child'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41690,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And after a while...I mean, how do you choose? Who gets to live? Part of life is that...well, some 
people have to die. My powers aren't a prescription you can get filled as needed.",
            'Author': 'Richelle Mead,  Shadow Kiss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41709,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are all the fools of time and terror: DaysSteal on us and steal from us; yet we live,Loathing our 
life, and dreading still to die.',
            'Author': 'George Gordon Byron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the 
scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I’ve learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.',
            'Author': 'Mark Batterson,  In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity 
Roars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41723,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Marmee: Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary 
life? You’re ready to go out and – and find a good use for your talent. Tho’ I don’t know what I shall do without my Jo. 
Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.',
            'Author': 'Louisa May Alcott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41732,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Among the many answers I have found, I believe love is the most beautiful and simple art that 
reflects the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Mabel Iam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41760,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move 
your life into the direction you want it to go.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41762,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all.',
            'Author': 'Kahlil Gibran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41763,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Would you like to know the great drama of my life? It is that I have put my genius into my life...I 
have put only my talent into my works.',
            'Author': 'Oscar Wilde'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41768,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is not confined to books, and the finest characters often graduate from no college, but 
make experience their master, and life their book. [Some care] only for the mental culture, and [are] in danger of 
over-studying, under the delusion . . . that learning must be had at all costs, forgetting that health and real wisdom are 
better.',
            'Author': "Louisa May Alcott,  Jo's Boys"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41803,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But when nothing in your life happens in a positive frame, it is difficult to think positively and 
hope for the best.',
            'Author': 'Faraaz Kazi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41874,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'because it seemed too simple to accept that life was an act of faith.',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  Veronika Decides to Die'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments
of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.',
            'Author': 'Sarah Ban Breathnach'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41882,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Tonight I saw myself in the dark window asthe image of my father, whose lifewas spent like 
this,thinking of death, to the exclusionof other sensual matters,so in the end that lifewas easy to give up, sinceit 
contained nothing: evenmy mother's voice couldn't make himchange or turn backas he believedthat once you can't love another
human beingyou have no place in the world.",
            'Author': 'Louise Glück'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41894,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the 
day you want to wake to.',
            'Author': 'Toni Sorenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41895,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Unless their use by readers bring them to life, books are indeed dead things.',
            'Author': 'Lawrence Clark Powell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41930,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.',
            'Author': 'Amit Kalantri'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41951,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And medecine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But
poetry, beauty, romance, love: these are what we stay alive for.',
            'Author': 'Tom Schulman,  Dead Poets Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41952,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted the past to go away, I wantedto leave it, like another country; I wantedmy life to close, 
and openlike a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the songwhere it fallsdown over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery;I 
wantedto hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know,whoever I was, I wasalivefor a little while.',
            'Author': 'Mary Oliver,  Dream Work'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41991,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "God has judged me all my life. But that is God's privilege, my lady. Not yours.",
            'Author': 'Barbara Hambly,  The Armies of Daylight'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 41996,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I didn't know I had it in me. There's more to all of us than we realize. Life is so much bigger, 
grander, higher, and wider than we allow ourselves to think. We're capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to 
believe.",
            'Author': 'Queen Latifah,  Put on Your Crown: Life-Changing Moments on the Path to Queendom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42009,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rich will be my life if I can keep my memories full and brimming, and record them on clear-eyed 
mornings while I set joyously to work setting pen to holy craft.',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne,  Rooftop Soliloquy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Is he well educated?""Yes, I think so, as far as he\'s gone,"I answered. "Of course he will go on 
being educated every day of his life, same as father. He says it is all rot about \'finishing\' your education. You never 
do. You learn more important things each day...',
            'Author': 'Gene Stratton-Porter,  Laddie: A True Blue Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not that I feel that school is a good idea gone wrong, but a wrong idea from the word go. It's a
nutty notion that we can have a place where nothing but learning happens, cut off from the rest of life.",
            'Author': 'John Holt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42020,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The key to a happy life is to have accomplishments to be proud of and purpose to look forward to, and
at the moment I had both. How wonderful it was to be me.',
            'Author': 'Jeff Lindsay,  Dearly Devoted Dexter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42022,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...wanting soul life without the dark, warming intelligence of personal doubt is like expecting an 
egg without the brooding heat of the mother hen.',
            'Author': 'David Whyte'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42039,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If time heals all wounds, and a book can hold a person's entire life, then you can speed up the 
process with a pulp time warp.",
            'Author': 'Deb Caletti,  Honey, Baby, Sweetheart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42043,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of
the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42053,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.',
            'Author': 'Lucille Ball'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42055,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love, we say, is life; but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.',
            'Author': 'Elbert Hubbard'
        }
    },
    {'id': 42061, 'record': {'Quote': 'All actual life is encounter.', 'Author': 'Martin Buber'}},
    {
        'id': 42083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No one species shall make the life of the world its own.' … That's one expression of the law. Here's 
another: 'The world was not made for any one species.",
            'Author': 'Daniel Quinn,  Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42086,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know, bicycling isn\'t just a matter of balance,"I said. "it\'s a matter of faith. You can keep 
upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground. I\'m going to call that the 
Bicyclist\'s Philosophy of Life.',
            'Author': 'Susan Vreeland,  Clara and Mr. Tiffany'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life 
has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not 
happiness, that maintains peace.',
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42119,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How was life before Pop-Tarts, Prozac and padded playgrounds? They ate strudel, took opium and played
on the grass.',
            'Author': "Jennifer Michael Hecht,  The Happiness Myth: The Historical Antidote to What Isn't Working Today"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42121,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I do maintain that if your hair is wrong, your entire life is wrong.',
            'Author': 'Morrissey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42142,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I know now, just quite howMy life and love might still go onIn your heart, in your mindI'll stay with
you for all of time.",
            'Author': 'The Calling'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42148,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "They say that just before you die your whole life flashes before your eyes, but that's not how it 
happened for me.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Oliver,  Before I Fall'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42172,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who can tell truth from falsehood any more?I say it, and you feel it in your hearts:no man or woman 
on this big small earth.How should our sages miss the mark of life,and our most skillful players lose the game?your hearts 
will tell you, as my heart has told me:because all know, and no one understands.',
            'Author': 'E.E. Cummings'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42177,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The books—the generous friends who met me without suspicion—the merciful masters who never used me 
ill! The only years of my life that I can look back on with something like pride... Early and late, through the long winter
nights and the quiet summer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledge, and never wearied of the draught.',
            'Author': 'Wilkie Collins,  Armadale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42191,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A tough life needs a tough language—and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers—a 
language powerful enough to say how it is.',
            'Author': 'Jeanette Winterson,  Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Who’s to say what a ‘literary life’ is? As long as you are writing often, and writing well, you don’t
need to be hanging-out in libraries all the time. Nightclubs are great literary research centers. So is Ibiza!',
            'Author': 'Roman Payne,  Cities & Countries'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Real life seeks the gentle slopes at the back of Mount Improbable, while creationists are blind to 
all but the daunting precipice at the front.',
            'Author': 'Richard Dawkins,  The God Delusion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...my object is to show that the chief function of the child--his business in the world during the 
first six or seven years of his life--is to find out all he can, about whatever comes under his notice, by means of his 
five senses...',
            'Author': 'Charlotte M. Mason'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In the autumn of your years don't make it so that what you look back on is regret. Live your life now
so that whatever you do gives some sunshine before you head into the winter of your life.",
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42248,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...But we also believe that part of our mission in life is to find our bliss and follow it. Life is a
precious and delicate gift. How much of that gift do we squander out of fear?',
            'Author': 'Dianne Sylvan,  The Body Sacred'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42251,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Misery is a scar on the soul, that if it begins in childhood, it lasts the whole lifetime. I 
understand that no two scars are alike, but I also ask myself; even if these scars are not alike, aren’t these things 
engraved on our souls signed by which we know each other?Aren’t we also alike?',
            'Author': 'Bahaa Taher,  الحب في المنفى'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42276,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and 
expresses himself with frankness and with fervor.',
            'Author': 'Benjamin Disraeli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42281,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sometimes a scene may be about one thing, and it may end up still being about that, but the 
emotionality of it comes from somewhere else, or the humor of it comes from somewhere else, and it gives it that real-life 
quality.',
            'Author': 'Kyle Chandler'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42287,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...you're either gonna spend your life fucking pussy, or taking it to church.",
            'Author': 'Dave Matthes,  Bar Nights'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42304,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pragmatism asks its usual question. "Grant an idea or belief to be true,"it says, "what concrete 
difference will its being true make in anyone\'s actual life? How will the truth be realized? What experiences will be 
different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? What, in short, is the truth\'s cash-value in 
experiential terms?',
            'Author': 'William James'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42313,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Johnson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42318,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have 
heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For 
different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.",
            'Author': 'Daisaku Ikeda'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42320,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Suffering sucks. Don't do it. Go home and love your wife. Go home and love yourself. Go homeand base 
your happiness on one thing and one thing only: freedom. Choose freedom, not suffering. Create a life of freedom, not 
wanting. Have some really good coffee and listen to the red-winged blackbirds in the marsh. Ignore the mosquitoes.",
            'Author': 'Laura Munson,  This Is Not The Story You Think It Is...: A Season of Unlikely Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42326,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free ofattachment to the good 
experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.',
            'Author': 'Sogyal Rinpoche'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of 
it.',
            'Author': 'Rasheed Ogunlaru'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42350,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "But my point, you see is that death is misunderstood. The loss of one's life is not the greatest 
loss. It is no loss at all. To others, perhaps, but not to oneself.",
            'Author': 'Tom Rachman,  The Imperfectionists'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42353,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When your family dies, that’s a bummer, but that’s life. When my family dies, it’s a tragedy and the 
world is unbalanced and biased.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Has No Title'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42357,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.',
            'Author': 'Anonymous,  Holy Bible: King James Version'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42360,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death alone gives meaning to life, and you will never fully live until you know you must die. And 
make your peace with that knowledge.',
            'Author': 'Alice Borchardt,  The Raven Warrior'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42367,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'After us they\'ll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they\'ll discover a sixth
sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy. And a thousand years from 
now man will still be sighing, "Oh! Life is so hard!"and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.',
            'Author': 'Anton Chekhov,  Three Sisters: A Translation Of The Play By Anton Chekhov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42395,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "This cruel age has deflected me,like a river from this course.Strayed from its familiar shores,my 
changeling life has flowedinto a sister channel.How many spectacles I've missed:the curtain rising without me,and falling 
too. How many friendsI never had the chance to meet.",
            'Author': 'Anna Akhmatova,  The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42402,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am suggesting that the radical of poetry lies not in theresolution of doubts but in their 
proliferation',
            'Author': 'C.D. Wright,  Cooling Time: An American Poetry Vigil'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42421,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Cut my life into pizzas. this is my plastic fork. oven baking, no breathing, dont give a fuck if its 
carbs that i'm eating' -Catherine Spann",
            'Author': 'Catherine Spann'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42449,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are
motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42480,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To put it bluntly but fairly, anyone today who doubts that the variety of life on this planet was 
produced by a process of evolution is simply ignorant—inexcusably ignorant, in a world where three out of four people have 
learned to read and write.',
            'Author': "Daniel C. Dennett,  Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life"
        }
    },
    {'id': 42498, 'record': {'Quote': 'Literature is the real life of imaginary people.', 'Author': 'Stefanos Livos'}},
    {
        'id': 42500,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are books that one reads over and over again, books that become part of the furniture of one’s 
mind and alter one’s whole attitude to life, books that one dips into but never reads through, books that one reads at a 
single sitting and forgets a week later:',
            'Author': 'George Orwell,  A Collection of Essays'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are sinful not only because we have eaten of the Tree of Knowledge, but also because we have not 
yet eaten of the Tree of Life. The state in which we are is sinful, irrespective of guilt.',
            'Author': 'Franz Kafka'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "... is it truly possible to steal a life, if... the Self is eternal and cannot die? Should this be 
so, then one who 'murders' does no more than transgress against the will of another, whose choice it is to live. At bottom,
a murderer offends not against the body, but against the spirit.",
            'Author': 'Ki Longfellow,  Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42529,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. If your life is only 
Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. That's not fundamentalism, that's the law of 
non-contradiction.",
            'Author': 'Peter Kreeft,  Jesus-Shock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42535,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death.',
            'Author': 'Carroll Bryant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And he, like many jaded people, had few pleasures left in life save good food and drink.',
            'Author': 'Honoré de Balzac'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and 
began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule 
in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity.Eternity ended ten years ago.",
            'Author': 'Brandon Sanderson,  Elantris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42578,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Helping others is the secret sauce to a happy life.',
            'Author': 'Todd Stocker,  Refined: Turning Pain Into Purpose'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42595,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm beginning to think that to hope isn't the same as to expect something. To hope is to believe that
life is an acceptable chaos.",
            'Author': 'Goenawan Mohamad,  Pagi dan Hal-Hal yang Dipungut Kembali'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42598,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Her dad died unexpectedly, so I hid the flowers, because flowers are reminders of spring and life, 
and also of headstones and death. Also, I hid the flowers because they were for another woman.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of
Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42606,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Suffering can bend & break us. But it can also break us open to become the persons God intended us to
be. It depends on what we do with the pain. If we offer it back to God, He will use it to do great things in us & through 
us, because suffering is fertile... it an grow new life.',
            'Author': 'John Green'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no other way to determine the difference between the will of God and the crafts of satan... 
Jesus is the way, the truth and the life... The Holy Spirit of God is the Comforter...',
            'Author': 'Israelmore Ayivor'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell me not in mournful numbers,Life is but an empty dream!For the soul is dead that slumbers,And 
things are not what they seem.',
            'Author': 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,  Voices of the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42632,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton 
my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42636,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'hope could betray you—but if you had no hope, life could actuallysurprise you in the best of ways.',
            'Author': 'Amy Lane,  Keeping Promise Rock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42658,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Man wants three things; life, knowledge, and love.',
            'Author': 'Fulton J. Sheen,  Life Is Worth Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am a student of life, and don't want to miss any experience. There's poetry in this sort of thing, 
you know--or perhaps you don't know, but it's all the same.",
            'Author': 'H.P. Lovecraft,  Old Bugs'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He would ask nothing else from life if he would be allowed to protect and cherish her for the rest of
his.',
            'Author': 'Julie Anne Long,  What I Did For a Duke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42676,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I couldn't even think about wanting to be something else; I wouldn't let myself visualize another 
life. But I wrote because I couldn't stop. It was a release, a mental exercise, a way of keeping sane.",
            'Author': 'Jay-Z,  Decoded'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.',
            'Author': 'Fadi Hattendorf'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42684,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every word I write is like a drop of my blood. If it's flowed passionately and long, I need time to 
recover from the emotion spent before I begin a new story. My characters are aspects of my life. I have to respectfully and
carefully move between them.",
            'Author': 'Red Haircrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42686,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One doesn't have to be religious to lead a moral life or attain wisdom.",
            'Author': 'Allan Lokos,  Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42699,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In large part, we are teachers precisely because we remember what it was like to be a student. 
Someone inspired us. Someone influenced us. Or someone hurt us. And we’ve channeled that joy (or pain) into our own unique 
philosophies on life and learning and we’re always looking for an opportunity to share them—with each other, our students, 
parents, or in our communities.',
            'Author': 'Tucker Elliot'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42701,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.',
            'Author': 'Lorii Myers,  Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42705,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am conscious of a soul-sense that lifts me above the narrow, cramping circumstances of my life. My 
physical limitations are forgotten- my world lies upward, the length and the breadth and the sweep of the heavens are 
mine!',
            'Author': 'Helen Keller,  The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her
Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42712,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The desire to live life to its fullest, to acquire more knowledge, to abandon the economic treadmill,
are all typical reactions to these experiences in altered states of consciousness. The previous fear of death is typically 
quelled. If the individual generally remains thereafter in the existential state of awareness, the deep internal feeling of
eternity is quite profound and unshakable.',
            'Author': "Edgar D. Mitchell,  The Way of the Explorer: An Apollo Astronaut's Journey Through the Material and 
Mystical Worlds"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'From the moment of my birth, I lived with pain at the center of my life. My only purpose in life was 
to find a way to coexist with intense pain.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42753,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I think I got a lot of life skills; I got a lot of wisdom; I've seen a lot of bad things happen to a 
lot of good people.",
            'Author': 'Young Jeezy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42778,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One word can change your life forever.I love youI hate youThink about it',
            'Author': 'Alan Macmillan Orr,  The Natural Mind - Waking Up: Volume I'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "On a grander scale, when a society segregates itself, the consequences affect the economy, the 
emotions, and the ecology. That's one reason why it's easy for pro-lifers to eat factory-raised animals that disrespect 
everything sacred about creation. And that is why it's easy for rabid environmentalists to hate chainsaws even though they 
snuggle into a mattress supported by a black walnut bedstead.",
            'Author': 'Joel Salatin,  Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42782,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size.',
            'Author': 'Stephen King,  The Gunslinger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42800,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.",
            'Author': 'Michael Anderson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How can I tell Bob that my happiness streams from having wrenched a piece out of my life, a piece of 
hurt and beauty, and transformed it to typewritten words on paper? How can he know I am justifying my life, my keen 
emotions, my feeling, by turning it into print?',
            'Author': 'Sylvia Plath,  The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42820,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of 
life.',
            'Author': 'Euripides'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life 
comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God\'s place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything 
we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.',
            'Author': 'Shunryu Suzuki'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42830,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We live in a community of people not so that we can suppress and dominate eachother or make each 
other miserable but so that we can better and more reliably satisfy all life's healthy needs.",
            'Author': 'Wilhelm Reich,  Children of the Future: On the Prevention of Sexual Pathology'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Most of our suffering comes from resisting what is already here, particularly our feelings. All any 
feeling wants is to be welcomed, touched, allowed. It wants attention. It wants kindness. If you treated your feelings with
as much love as you treated your dog or your cat or your child, you'd feel as if you were living in heaven every day of 
your sweet life.",
            'Author': 'Geneen Roth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42833,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn 
and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.',
            'Author': 'Kristi Bowman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every blade in the field - Every leaf in the forest - lays down its life in its season as beautifully
as it was taken up.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42841,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to 
life. It is impossible to live without hope.',
            'Author': 'Haruki Murakami,  1Q84'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgement and effort to get 
things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.',
            'Author': 'Ann Voskamp,  One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42865,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Intellect takes us along in the battle of life to a certain limit, but at the crucial moment it fails
us. Faith transcends reason. It is when the horizon is the darkest and human reason is beaten down to the ground that faith
shines brightest and comes to our rescue.',
            'Author': 'Mahatma Gandhi'
        }
    },
    {'id': 42870, 'record': {'Quote': 'Never Give up! Where theres life theres hope!...', 'Author': 'Will Brenner'}},
    {
        'id': 42881,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Many of the most powerful things in life are not tangible. All it takes is for you to close your eyes
to see.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42912,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get Hiswish. At this point in my life the only
thing I could do was look up.',
            'Author': 'Michelle Sutton,  Never Without Hope'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive 
mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even 
in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.',
            'Author': 'Roopleen'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42953,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am seldom otherwise than happy while watching in the chamber of death... . I see a repose that 
neither earth nor hell can break, and I feel an assurance of the endless and shadowless hereafter--the Eternity they have 
entered--where life is boundless in its duration, and love in its sympathy, and joy in its fulness.',
            'Author': 'Emily Brontë,  Wuthering Heights'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42971,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is real! Life is earnest!And the grave is not its goal;Dust thou are, to dust thou returnest,Was
not spoken of the soul.',
            'Author': 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,  Voices of the Night'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The key is for you to discover what you love to do, what you were created to do, and then do it for 
the people around you with love. That is the abundant life, dear girl, no matter where in the world you live.',
            'Author': 'Robin Jones Gunn,  Finally and Forever'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42990,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'View life through a wide angle lens attitude and see your horizons broaden.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 42994,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything is political. I will never be a politician or even think political. Me just deal with life
and nature. That is the greatest thing to me.',
            'Author': 'Bob Marley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43009,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you think life is magical or life is hard, either way you are right. Your thoughts are the source 
of reality.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Having just enough life to enjoy being dead.',
            'Author': 'Jim Holt,  Why Does the World Exist?: An Existential Detective Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43019,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. We are apt to fall into the
error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of 
every natural philosopher should be, 'Seek simplicity and distrust it.",
            'Author': 'Alfred North Whitehead,  The Concept of Nature: The Tarner Lectures Delivered in Trinity College, 
11/1919'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43047,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most important thing in life is to dare. The most complicated thing in life is to be afraid. The 
smartest thing in the world is to try to be a moral person.',
            'Author': 'Shimon Peres'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43051,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of 
those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed 
diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.",
            'Author': 'Lorraine Zago Rosenthal,  Other Words for Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43067,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of 
things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t
even started yet.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43090,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am a hunter of beauty and I move slow and I keep the eyes wide, every fiber of every muscle sensing
all wonder and this is the thrill of the hunt and I could be an expert on the life full, the beauty meat that lurks in 
every moment.I hunger to taste life.God.',
            'Author': 'Ann Voskamp,  One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had a dream about you. You were writing names and numbers in a book, and I asked if that was a 
phone book or the Book of Life. You answered in a way that blinded me with light, and I grew afraid. So I said, “Hey, what 
is that over there?” and I pointed over your shoulder, and when you turned to look I scribbled my name on the bottom of 
page one.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  We Had A #Dream About You'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43114,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Having the life of your dreams is simple: make conscious choices.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43122,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I realize the thing about a guy you've spent your whole life loving from afar is that even though 
he's real you've really made most of him up.",
            'Author': 'Kirsten Smith,  The Geography of Girlhood'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43129,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going 
vegan.',
            'Author': 'Gary L. Francione'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43141,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, 
creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.',
            'Author': 'Rodolfo Costa,  Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43147,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can dramatize your ideas in business or in any other aspect of your life. It’s easy',
            'Author': 'Dale Carnegie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43153,
        'record': {'Quote': "There's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.", 'Author': 'Thomas Moore'}
    },
    {
        'id': 43157,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only answer in these modern times, as in all other times, is the blood of Christ. When our 
conscience rises up and condemns us, where will we turn? We turn to Christ. We turn to the suffering and death of 
Christ—the blood of Christ. This is the only cleansing agent in the universe that can give the conscience relief in life 
and peace in death.',
            'Author': 'John Piper,  The Passion of Jesus Christ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43159,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't ever ask for permission to follow your dreams. Follow them no matter fucking what. It's 
important. We have one life here and you are the author of your story, more than anybody else. You are much more 
responsible for your dreams coming true or not than anyone else in your life you have contacted with. So, dream big, work 
hard, and make it happen no matter what.",
            'Author': 'Jared Leto'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43162,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is in your hands to make life miserable or happy. No religion, spiritual leaders or knowledge will
ever make you fully satisfied.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43165,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rise early and seize each day, learn much and use this knowledge well, spend time with those you 
love, never abuse your pets, use logic to fight the irrational (for it is everywhere), defend the environment and its 
wildlife as a knight would protect King Arthur, meld mind and heart for greatest creativity, follow your dreams, and become
all that you can be.',
            'Author': 'Charles Kohlhase'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43186,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is still better than University. In school, your teacher is the fruit picker and you are the 
open fruit basket. Then you take those fruits and make cakes and pies. But life is going to give you the chance to go out 
there and pick those fruits yourself. Then you can eat them, or make them into something else; any which way, your own 
hands picked them!',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43188,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be 
nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Meditation is an essential travel partner on your journey of personal transformation. Meditation 
connects you with your soul,and this connection gives you access to your intuition, your heartfelt desires, your integrity,
and the inspiration to create a life you love.',
            'Author': 'Sarah McLean'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43238,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We sleep, but the loom of life never stops, and the pattern which was weaving when the sun went down 
is weaving when it comes up in the morning.',
            'Author': 'Henry Ward Beecher'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It brings hope and peace of mind knowing that God gave His only begotten Son for us. I'm able to look
back and know that on this day Jesus was born and gave us the opportunity to have eternal life.",
            'Author': 'Adrian Peterson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43259,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more 
so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance',
            'Author': 'Dalai Lama XIV'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43267,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice
myself for my love. I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life.',
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  Family Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A moment or an eternity—did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so
on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, 
please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!',
            'Author': "Jennifer O'Neill,  Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable 
happiness.',
            'Author': "Anne-Laure Bondoux,  The Killer's Tears"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[Poem: Slates of Grey]Sullen faces like slates of grey—What I’d seen on a walk today.Bodies rushing 
bodies boltingTime for life a disregarding.Money to make and to grow oldWhat about the hands to hold?Deadlines, projects, 
people to meetWhat about our own two feet.Sullen faces like slates of grey...What I’d see most anyday.',
            'Author': 'Jess C. Scott,  Trouble'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43307,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There was something better in life than this rub\xadbish, if only he could get to 
it—love—nobility—big spaces where passion clasped peace, spaces no science could reach, but they existed for ever, full of 
woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. . .',
            'Author': 'E.M. Forster,  Maurice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43310,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO 
ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.",
            'Author': 'Lola Jaye,  By The Time You Read This'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43312,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'No one can sum up all God is able to accomplish through one solitary life, wholly yielded, adjusted, 
and obedient to Him.',
            'Author': 'D.L. Moody'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43317,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Here's a funny question:What is your favorite word?Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you 
absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded 
of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream.So, what is it? What is your favorite word of 
all words?Thought about it yet?Good.And now, think why.",
            'Author': 'Vera Nazarian,  The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43345,
        'record': {'Quote': 'He is not apprehended by reason, but by life.', 'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'}
    },
    {
        'id': 43347,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Through the darkest hours of the nightand through the dreamers realm I seek,Far beyond the starry 
skyand beyond galaxies I am free.Through the grimmest memoriesand past a seasons air I cannot breathe,Far beyond this 
mortal worldin an afterlife we shall meet.',
            'Author': 'Lee Argus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The purpose that you wish to find in life, like a cure you seek, is not going to fall from the sky. 
...I believe purpose is something for which one is responsible; it's not just divinely assigned.",
            'Author': 'Michael J. Fox,  Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43419,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It was then that Marvin got religion. Not the quiet, personal kind, that involves doing good deeds 
and living a better life; not even the kind that involves putting on a suit and ringing' people's doorbells; but the kind 
that involves having your own TV network and getting people to send you money.",
            'Author': 'Terry Pratchett,  Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the game of life, we all receive a set of variables and limitations in the field of play. We can 
either focus on the lack thereof or empower ourselves to create better realities with the pieces we play the game with.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43431,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The soul of him who has education is whole and perfect and escapes the worst disease, but, if a man's
education be neglected, he walks lamely through life and returns good for nothing to the world below.",
            'Author': 'Plato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43454,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'They who reach down into the depths of life where, in the stillness, the voice of God is heard, have 
the stabilizing power which carries them poised and serene through the hurricane of difficulties.',
            'Author': 'Spencer W. Kimball'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything science has taught me strengthens my belief in the continuity of our spiritual existence 
after death. I believe in an immortal soul. Science has proved that nothing disintegrates into nothingness. Life and soul, 
therefore, cannot disintegrate into nothingness, and so are immortal.',
            'Author': 'Werner Von Braun'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43456,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Optimistic people bring a sense of hope into world. Encouraging people bring a new meaning to life. 
They help you see past the clouds on a glooming day. They bring sunlight everyday',
            'Author': 'Stacey Chillemi,  Faith, Courage, Wisdom Strength and Hope: Inspirational Poetry That Comes Straight
from the Heart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43459,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Given her deafness, the auditory part of the brain, deprived of its usual input, had started to 
generate a spontaneous activity of its own, and this took the form of musical hallucinations, mostly musical memories from 
her earlier life. The brain needed to stay incessantly active, and if it was not getting its usual stimulation..., it would
create its own stimulation in the form of hallucinations.',
            'Author': 'Oliver Sacks,  Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43493,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death-- ought to decide, indeed, to earn 
one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible to life: It is the small beacon in that 
terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return. One must negotiate this passage as nobly as possible, 
for the sake of those who are coming after us.",
            'Author': 'James Baldwin,  The Fire Next Time'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You think maybe if you just work harder and faster, you can hold off the chaos, but then one day 
you’re changing a patio light bulb with a five-year life span and you realize how you’ll only be changing this light maybe 
ten more times before you’ll be dead.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43506,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that 
life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no 
thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.',
            'Author': 'Walpola Rahula,  What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and 
Dhammapada'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43516,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Dad was a philosopher and had what he called his Theory of Purpose, which held that everything in 
life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's 
time.",
            'Author': 'Jeannette Walls,  Half Broke Horses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation 
to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.',
            'Author': 'Wayne Coyne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43542,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful 
evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to 
you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Thisuri Wanniarachchi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service 
of others.',
            'Author': 'Wayne W. Dyer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43550,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang 
on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.",
            'Author': 'Carol Shields,  Unless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43558,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life; but for me, I fell toward the Chairman just
as a stone must fall toward the earth. When I cut my lip and met Mr. Tanaka, when my mother died and I was cruelly sold, it
was all like a stream that falls over rocky cliffs before it can reach the ocean. Even now that he is gone I have him 
still, in the richness of my memories.',
            'Author': 'Arthur Golden,  Memoirs of a Geisha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43560,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope,That star on life's tremulous ocean.",
            'Author': 'Thomas Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As I age in the world it will rise and spread,and be for this place horizonand orison, the voice of 
its winds.I have made myself a dream to dreamof its rising, that has gentled my nights.Let me desire and wish well the 
lifethese trees may live when Ino longer rise in the morningsto be pleased with the green of themshining, and their shadows
on the ground, and the sound of the wind in them.',
            'Author': 'Wendell Berry'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43568,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The glory of God is the living man, but the life of man is the vision of God', says St. Irenaeus, 
getting to the heart of what happens when man meets God on the mountain in the wilderness. Ultimately, it is the very life 
of man, man himself as living righteously, that is the true worship of God, but life only becomes real life when it 
receives its form from looking toward God.",
            'Author': 'Pope Benedict XVI,  The Spirit of the Liturgy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43582,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I wonder sometimes what the memory of God looks like. Is it a palace of infinite rooms, a chest of 
many jeweled objects, a long, lonely landscape where each tree recalls an eon, each pebble the life of a man? Where do I 
live, in the memory of God?',
            'Author': 'Catherynne M. Valente,  The Habitation of the Blessed'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43585,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You won't find the truth of life in morbidity, only in hope.",
            'Author': 'Dean Koontz,  Odd Thomas'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43601,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you wait, your heavenly Father will pick you up, carry you out into the night, and make your life 
sparkle. He wants to dazzle you with the wonder of his love.',
            'Author': 'Paul E. Miller,  A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43604,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it 
would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.",
            'Author': 'Janet Fitch,  White Oleander'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never 
were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our 
capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life',
            'Author': 'Peter M. Senge'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't 
have bridges.",
            'Author': 'John R. Gouin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43627,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.',
            'Author': 'William Goldman,  The Princess Bride'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think you know if you disappeared from my life I’d be upset, but ultimately I’d make myself a new 
invisible cloak, to replace the one you stole.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  Who Moved My Choose?: An Amazing Way to Deal With Change by Deciding to Let Indecision
Into Your Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43635,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And life is a good thing for a writer. It's where we get our raw material, for a start. We quite like
to stop and watch it.",
            'Author': 'Neil Gaiman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43647,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is now in session. Are you present?',
            'Author': 'John C. Maxwell,  The 15 Invaluable Laws of Growth: Live Them and Reach Your Potential'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Wherever you may go; Life is a beautiful thing. Life is like a passing season. It comes and go. 
Whatever may come, it's better to enjoy the changing seasons.",
            'Author': 'Diana Rose Morcilla'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43672,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every advance in human life, every scrap of knowledge and wisdom and decency we have has been torn by
one side from the teeth of the other. Every little increase in human freedom has been fought over ferociously between those
who want us to know more and be wiser and stronger, and those who want us to obey and be humble and submit.',
            'Author': 'Philip Pullman,  The Amber Spyglass'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43684,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work … You must dedicate 
your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret of success.',
            'Author': 'Chef Jiro'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43685,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I mean that they (students) should not play life, or study it merely, while the community supports 
them at this expensive game, but earnestly live it from beginning to end. How could youths better learn to live than by at 
once trying the experiment of living? Methinks this would exercise their minds as much as mathematics.',
            'Author': 'Henry David Thoreau,  Walden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43692,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.',
            'Author': 'Steve Backley,  The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43699,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43714,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life off Earth is in two important respects not at all unworldly: you can choose to focus on the 
surprises and pleasures, or the frustrations. And you can choose to appreciate the smallest scraps of experience, the 
everyday moments, or to value only the grandest, most stirring ones.',
            'Author': "Chris Hadfield,  An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and 
our future life opportunities.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Boost Your Self Esteem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43720,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am using the word theory as a scientist means it: a set of ideas so well established by 
observations and physical models that it is essentially indistinguishable from fact. That is different from the colloquial 
use that means "guess."To a scientist, you can bet your life on a theory. Remember, gravity is "just a theory"too.',
            'Author': 'Philip Plait,  Death from the Skies!: These Are the Ways the World Will End...'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of 
people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.",
            'Author': 'Kanye West'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43751,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first
drew our wonder. In the process of making the inexplicable safe for the masses, the possibilities for real 
illusion-piercing insight becomes reduced. One might say that they are only available to those who dare to ride the 
breaking crest of direct life-altering experience.',
            'Author': 'Stephen K. Hayes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my 
life, Inow felt completely lost.',
            'Author': 'Carolyn Mackler,  Vegan, Virgin, Valentine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43787,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to 
ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the 
result of your action will be a life of success.',
            'Author': 'Amaka Imani Nkosazana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43792,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better
put down the markers for happiness while you can.',
            'Author': 'Sebastian Barry,  The Secret Scripture'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God does not patch up the old life,or make certain repairs on the old life;He gives a new life, 
through the new birth.',
            'Author': 'Kathryn Kuhlman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43813,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "He flashed the warmest smile I'd ever seen, and my heart felt comforted. Maybe D.J. saw my 
insecurities, my fears. Maybe he knew God still had a lot of work to do in my life before I'd be good girlfriend 
material.Or maybe, just maybe, he saw beyond all that and simply wanted to flirt with the wedding coordinator instead of 
rehearse for the big night.I did my best to relax...and let him.",
            'Author': 'Janice Thompson,  Fools Rush In'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43819,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.',
            'Author': "Mollie Marti,  Walking with Justice: Uncommon Lessons from One of Life's Greatest Mentors"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43829,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!', 'Author': 'Darrell Yarbrough'}
    },
    {
        'id': 43852,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m 
going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43861,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. That is what it would 
mean; starting a life with you, without Him.Julia to Charles",
            'Author': 'Evelyn Waugh,  Brideshead Revisited'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43865,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope I don\'t write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I 
wonder to myself "When did they live?"I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don\'t want to write in order to 
live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.',
            'Author': 'C. JoyBell C.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyone in the life before was cranky, I think, because they just wanted to know.--After I Was 
Thrown in the River and Before I Drowned',
            'Author': 'Dave Eggers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43888,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.",
            'Author': 'Earl Nightingale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43889,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life can give everything to whoever tries to understand and is willing to receive new knowledge.',
            'Author': 'Pramoedya Ananta Toer,  Bumi Manusia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43897,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is but a momentary glimpse of the wonder of this astonishing universe, and it is sad to see so 
many dreaming it away on spiritual fantasy.',
            'Author': 'Andy Mulcahy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43907,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Birth, life, and death― each took place on the hidden side of a leaf.',
            'Author': 'Toni Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every true writer is like a bird; he repeats the same song, the same theme, all his life. For me, 
this theme as always been revolt.',
            'Author': 'Alberto Moravia'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43929,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling
of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the 
other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.',
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43931,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t think people realise how vital libraries are or what a colossal danger it would be if we were
to lose any more. Having had a truncated school life myself, all of my education from the age of 17 has been self-taught. I
wouldn’t be the person I am today if it wasn’t for the opportunities the library gave me.',
            'Author': 'Alan Moore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43943,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'THE GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in new things; A GOOD LIFE requires that we take 
pleasure in moments.To enjoy THE GOOD LIFE we have to get ahead; to enjoy A GOOD LIFE we have to make the trip 
worthwhile.THE GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our pocketbooks; A GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our souls.',
            'Author': 'Steve Goodier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43950,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I thought about having a proper room,breathing life into it, and nobody minding.',
            'Author': 'Jenny Valentine,  Broken Soup'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43951,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, 
disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things 
will go well.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is no reason to assume that the universe has the slightest interest in intelligence—or even in 
life. Both may be random accidental by-products of its operations like the beautiful patterns on a butterfly's wings. The 
insect would fly just as well without them.",
            'Author': 'Arthur C. Clarke'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 43982,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But I think the most important thing those books gave me was a kind of faith. My books promised me 
that life wasn’t just made up of workaday tasks and prosaic things. The world is bigger and more colorful and more 
important than that.',
            'Author': 'Laura Amy Schlitz,  The Hired Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The man who has no tincture of philosophy goes through life imprisoned in the prejudices derived from
common sense, from the habitual beliefs of his age or his nation, and from convictions which have grown up in his mind 
without the cooperation or consent of his deliberate reason.',
            'Author': 'Bertrand Russell,  The Problems of Philosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44016,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.',
            'Author': 'Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club'
        }
    },
    {'id': 44019, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love life, Live Love', 'Author': 'Benny Bellamacina'}},
    {
        'id': 44021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever 
to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that.',
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand,  Atlas Shrugged'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44057,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows.',
            'Author': 'Jack Kornfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44075,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fear is to begin with the end in mind. There is no end. Life is eternal. Live life knowing that the 
end was your past, and the future is only full of beautiful beginnings through an eternity built around God’s love.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How do we accomplish this matter of gathering life together in God? We must begin primarily by 
refocusing our attention keeping our minds and hearts directed toward God. The essence of the centered life is attention to
God in all we think, say and do. It is the growing realization of His presence in our most down-to-earth living.',
            'Author': "Sue Monk Kidd,  God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Oh no,"I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then "oh no"is 
apparently that song\'s chorus, the words we always return to.',
            'Author': "Brock Clarke,  An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In a well-functioning democracy, the state constitution is considered more important than God's holy 
book, whichever holy book that may be, and God matters only in your private life.",
            'Author': 'Ayaan Hirsi Ali,  The Caged Virgin: An Emancipation Proclamation for Women and Islam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44107,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You are a child of mine,Born of my own design,And you bear the hard of life.No matter where you 
go,Oh, you will always know,That you've been made free in Christ,And you are a child of mine!",
            'Author': 'Mark Schultz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44132,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at 
least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44134,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Because some information is better than no information. Life does not give you big, simple answers, 
Caitlyn. It demands patience, focus, and an open, intelligent mind to gather the pieces of a puzzle and fit them together 
into a coherent whole. Nothing worth knowing is ever easily learned.',
            'Author': 'Lisa Cach,  Wake Unto Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be 
forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.",
            'Author': "Kevin Ngo,  Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44150,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you have a painting in you, paint. If you have a song to sing, sing. Don’t judge your creation. 
Just create it. Banish doubt and fear and step out of your own way if you have to. Write if you’re a writer and invent if 
you’re an inventor. Do what you were born to do. Only then will you know a remarkable life.',
            'Author': 'Toni Sorenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'm interested in the way in which the past affects the present and I think that if we understand a 
good deal more about history, we automatically understand a great more about contemporary life.",
            'Author': 'Toni Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44163,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am no nihilist. I am not even a cynic. I am, actually, rather romantic. And here’s my idea of 
romance: You will soon be dead. Life will sometimes seem long and tough and, god, it’s tiring. And you will sometimes be 
happy and sometimes sad. And then you’ll beold. And then you’ll be dead.',
            'Author': 'Tim Minchin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44176,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have always been resistant to doctrine, and any spirituality I had experienced thus far in my life 
had been much more abstract and not aligned with any recognized religion. For me, the most trustworthy vehicle for 
spirituality had always proven to be music. It cannot be manipulated, or politicized, and when it is, that becomes 
immediately obvious.',
            'Author': 'Eric Clapton'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44181,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own 
intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.',
            'Author': 'Steven Redhead,  The Solution'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44197,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nobody think about that broken heart... life goes on, broken heart never join together but it tries 
very hard to get joined again. That;swhy may be it said "Heart is like a mirror, if its broken can never be joined.',
            'Author': 'Shahid Islam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44202,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. 
Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44206,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if 
you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.",
            'Author': 'A.L. Kennedy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You can't go into new life experiences without the understanding that yeah, you may fail, but knowing
you might fail can't stop you from trying.",
            'Author': 'Alice Dreger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain; but to his satisfaction he 
realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size, then the one thing it 
cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion.",
            'Author': 'Douglas Adams,  The Restaurant at the End of the Universe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.",
            'Author': "Georgia O'Keeffe"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - 
I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others.',
            'Author': 'Cate Tiernan,  Immortal Beloved'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44331,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?',
            'Author': 'Mollie Marti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44370,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In my small way, I preserved and catalogued, and dipped into the vast ocean of learning that awaited,
knowing all the time that the life of one man was insufficient for even the smallest part of the wonders that lay within. 
It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the
greatest lesson we have to learn.',
            'Author': 'Iain Pears,  An Instance of the Fingerpost'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44374,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44375,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Daily love and kindness are the path to a happy life.', 'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'}
    },
    {
        'id': 44381,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44408,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.",
            'Author': 'Michelle Richardson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44414,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life is a movie. You are the main character. You say your scripts and act to your lines. Of 
course you do your lines in each scene. There is a hidden camera and a director who you can ask for help anytime up 
above.',
            'Author': 'Diana Rose Morcilla'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44418,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Comedy is a necessity to get through life with the fewest scars. Humor is the best antidote to help 
relieve all struggles.',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44442,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is the preparation of a child intellectually, emotionally, spiritually, and physically for 
life and for eternity.',
            'Author': 'Kevin Swanson,  Upgrade: 10 Secrets to the Best Education for Your Child'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44462,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We must come together in ways that respect the solitude of the soul that avoid the unconscious 
violence we do when we try to save each other that evoke our capacity to hold another life without dishonoring its mystery 
never trying to coerce the other into meeting our own needs.',
            'Author': 'Parker J. Palmer,  Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44465,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stunt dwarf or destroy the imagination of a child and you have taken away its chances of success in 
life. Imagination transforms the commonplace into the great and creates the new out of the old.',
            'Author': 'L. Frank Baum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44467,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When a tree is polled, it will sprout new shoots nearer its roots. A soul that is ruined in the bud 
will frequently return to the springtime of its beginnings and its promise-filled childhood, as though it could discover 
new hopes there and retie the broken threads of life. The shoots grow rapidly and eagerly, but it is only a sham life that 
will never be a genuine tree.',
            'Author': 'Hermann Hesse,  Beneath the Wheel'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44495,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Don't worry about writing a book or getting famous or making money. Just lead an interesting life.",
            'Author': 'Michael Morpurgo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44497,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One of the greatest men to ever walk this land was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His life exemplified 
unity by bringing people together for the good of all. In any small way I hope to someday bring people together like Dr. 
King.',
            'Author': 'Zack Wamp'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44527,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own
terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think.',
            'Author': 'Paul Auster,  The Brooklyn Follies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44528,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You know,"Daddy said, "it\'s some that can live their whole life out without asking about it and 
it\'s others has to know why it is, and this boy is one of the latters. He\'s going to be into everything!',
            'Author': "Flannery O'Connor"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44547,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith is not belief in spite of evidence but a life in scorn of the consequences.',
            'Author': 'Clarence Jordan,  The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44549,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This law … defines the limits of competition in the community of life. You may compete to the full 
extent of your capabilities, but you may not hunt down your competitors or destroy their food or deny them access to food. 
In other words, you may compete but you may not wage war.',
            'Author': 'Daniel Quinn,  Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44554,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Listen."Jennifer reverted, "I didn\'t mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were
trying to do and ..."She struggled for the right words. "Sweetie, like love, people don\'t live inside of life, life lives 
inside of you. Open yourself up to it and there\'s no stopping your heart.',
            'Author': 'Carroll Bryant,  Children of the Flower Power'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44586,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The best way to insure you achieve the greatest satisfaction out of life is to behave 
intentionally.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Day,  BE HAPPY NOW!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A lifetime of lonely regret or happiness with some pain along the way.',
            'Author': 'Melissa Nathan,  Persuading Annie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44594,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.',
            'Author': 'Nalini Singh,  Angels of Darkness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44596,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts
of your soul and ate you from the inside out.',
            'Author': 'Hailey Edwards'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44604,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The secret of happiness: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it.',
            'Author': 'Daniel C. Dennett'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44613,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Prayer [is] the quiet, persistent living of our life of desire and faith in the presence of our 
God.',
            'Author': 'Andrew Murray,  With Christ in the School of Prayer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44615,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The heroes of faith in Hebrews 11 ... obeyed by faith ... obedience is the pathway to holiness ... no
one will become holy apart from a life of faith. Faith enables us to claim the promises of God, but it also enables us to 
obey the commands of God.',
            'Author': 'Jerry Bridges,  Holiness Day by Day: Transformational Thoughts for Your Spiritual Journey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in 
his life.',
            'Author': 'Robert Masello,  Blood and Ice'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "We take it for granted that Jesus was not interested in political life: his mission was purely 
religious. Indeed we have witnessed . . . the 'iconization' of the life of Jesus: 'This is a Jesus of hieratic, stereotyped
gestures, all representing theological themes. In this way, the life of Jesus is no longer a human life, submerged in 
history, but a theological life -- an icon.",
            'Author': 'Gustavo Gutiérrez,  A Theology of Liberation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44636,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith is a marvel, and yet no human being is excluded from it; for that in which all human life is 
united is passion, and faith is a passion.',
            'Author': 'Søren Kierkegaard,  Fear and Trembling'
        }
    },
    {'id': 44637, 'record': {'Quote': 'New day, new hopes, new life!!', 'Author': 'Lailah Gifty Akita'}},
    {
        'id': 44645,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise.',
            'Author': 'Christie Craig,  Shut Up and Kiss Me'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44662,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What the spiritual journey is all about is uniting our will with God's will, wanting what He wants, 
loving what He loves, living a life that in all its aspects honors Him and gives Him glory.",
            'Author': 'Ralph Martin,  The Fulfillment of All Desire: A Guidebook for the Journey to God Based on the Wisdom
of the Saints'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44663,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With life. Rooter says that life is how God gives purpose to the universe.',
            'Author': 'Orson Scott Card,  Xenocide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44671,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How do we remain faithful to our own spiritual imagination and not betray what we know in our own 
bodies? The world is holy. We are holy. All life is holy.',
            'Author': 'Terry Tempest Williams,  Leap'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44683,
        'record': {'Quote': "Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.", 'Author': 'Natalie Wright'}
    },
    {'id': 44684, 'record': {'Quote': 'I do not regret one moment of my life.', 'Author': 'Lillie Langtry'}},
    {
        'id': 44689,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Denying yourself a life of personal freedom is denying yourself of a life worth living.',
            'Author': 'Michelle Cruz-Rosado'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44694,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, 
forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44706,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44719,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Doubt is a storm. We either ride it out, or we change our course. Neither is right or wrong--to stay 
or go. Twenty years ago, should you have really married X, or Y? This college, or that? A life-changing decision one makes 
becomes the right decision by the fact of simply having been made.',
            'Author': 'T.M. McNally'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life's not the breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.",
            'Author': 'George Strait'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life 
from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44779,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll
never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can 
stop you.",
            'Author': 'Richard P. Denney'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44785,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life can be different, Young Ju. Study and be strong. In America, women have choices.',
            'Author': 'An Na,  A Step from Heaven'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44816,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The same view you look at every day, the same life, can become something brand new by focusing on its
gifts rather than the negative aspects. Perspective is your own choice and the best way to shift that perspective is 
through gratitude, by acknowledging and appreciating the positives.',
            'Author': 'Bronnie Ware,  The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44846,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. He must not 
merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. He must seek his life in a spirit of furious 
indifference to it.',
            'Author': 'G.K. Chesterton,  Orthodoxy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find 
yourself in.',
            'Author': 'Jon Wakeham,  Troubled Waters'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44875,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of 
life's potential.",
            'Author': 'Ayn Rand'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is the man of science, eager to have his every opinion regenerated, his every idea rationalized, 
by drinking at the fountain of fact, and devoting all the energies of his life to the cult of truth, not as he understands 
it, but as he does not yet understand it, that ought properly to be called a philosopher.',
            'Author': 'Charles Sanders Peirce'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more 
happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on 
individuals of different temperaments.',
            'Author': 'Giacomo Casanova,  The Story of My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44898,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If one’s life is so unsatisfying that an unhealthy activity brings a shred of happiness, it is nigh 
impossible to give it up unless something that brings greater happiness can be enjoyed in its stead. (28)',
            'Author': 'Prem Prakash,  The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all 
that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell 
into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker...',
            'Author': 'CrimethInc.,  Evasion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44901,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "that's exactly the good thing about the Injun life--you don't have to stop and think about whether or
not you're 'happy'--which in my opinionis a highly overrated human condition invented by white folks",
            'Author': 'Jim Fergus,  One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44923,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A truly good person will speak truth, act with truth, and stand for Truth. A truly good person is not
afraid to think from their heart; therefore, allowing nonconformist decisions, viewpoints, and perspectives to lead their 
life. By following their heart, they stand with their conscience, and only with God.',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44924,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Worthy character is best forged from a life of consistent, correct choices centered in the teachings 
of the Master.',
            'Author': 'Richard G. Scott'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44933,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Redeemed humanity is still young, it has hardly come to its full strength. But already there is joy 
enough in the little finger of a great saint such as yonder lady to waken all the dead things of the universe into life.',
            'Author': 'C.S. Lewis'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44949,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "As the essence of courage is to stake one's life on a possibility, so the essence of faith is to 
believe the possibility exists.",
            'Author': 'William Salter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 44960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every problem has a gift for you in its hands” (Richard Bach). And if not every problem, then just 
about every one. Even spectacular sunsets are not possible without cloudy skies. Troubles bring a gift for those who choose
to look. And since I can't avoid my problems, why waste them? I should look for the gift. My life will be far, far richer 
for finding it.",
            'Author': 'Steve Goodier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in 
striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of 
earth, but have lived and shall live",
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45010,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit."- The Alchemist, Paulo
Cohelo -',
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45025,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life experience is a moving picture, of which you are writer, director, performer, producer and 
critic.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45028,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a constellation, the individual moments in our lives seem so pointless sometimes; but when 
you look at the whole picture, you can see that those little moments formed memories.',
            'Author': "Alex Rogers,  I'm Only Human After All"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45029,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This is your life – not your parents’, teachers’ or significant other’s. If you ever find yourself on
a path that just doesn’t feel safe anymore, you have every right to stop the car, get out – change your shoes and start 
walking.',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45034,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some people are not meant to be a part of our lives forever. Some people visit our lives for a brief 
period, not to stay in it, but to show us something that we have been unable to see it ourselves. In the form of a gift, a 
lesson or a piece of wisdom, they change the course of our life and help us to fulfill our destiny.',
            'Author': 'Purba Chakraborty,  Shades Of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45040,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Stay present for the “now” of your life. It’s your “point of power.',
            'Author': 'Doug Dillon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The books brought brilliance to my life, and they brought an understanding: Life is a story. 
Everything that has happened and will happen to me is all part of the story of this enchanted place - all the dreams and 
visions and understandings that come to me in my dungeon cell. The books helped me see the truth is not in the touch of the
stone but in what the stone tells you.',
            'Author': 'Rene Denfeld,  The Enchanted'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45049,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I felt an overwhelming gratitude in my life right now and wanted a chance to acknowledge it. I felt 
that any thanks given to any god all went to the same place, anyway, no matter what religion you were centered in.',
            'Author': 'Cate Tiernan,  Full Circle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45059,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Dreams link us to those who have already left this life.', 'Author': 'Doug Dillon'}
    },
    {
        'id': 45080,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.',
            'Author': 'Mollie Marti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '. . . and I don’t expect him to suborn his life into mine any more than I would change my dreams for 
him. We’re not one soul, one being, however much we love each other.',
            'Author': 'Ann Aguirre,  Aftermath'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You have a pet theory, one you have been turning over for years, that life itself is a kind of Rube 
Goldberg device, an extremely complicated machine designed to carry out the extremely simple task of constructing your 
soul.',
            'Author': 'Kevin Brockmeier,  The View from the Seventh Layer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45101,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds 
of success.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45111,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Figure out your passion. What floats your boat, rings your bell, lights your tree? A life without 
passion is possible, but not desirable. Have you really lived at all if you have not lived with passion? Without it would a
masterpiece be possible? I don’t think so. With purpose, cause and passion, there is no way the end you envision will not 
become the reality you live.',
            'Author': 'Toni Sorenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45121,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The souls of heroes are forged by the gods and tempered with the pain of life.',
            'Author': 'Brian Rathbone,  Inherited Danger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45123,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The question of how to spend my life, of what my life is for, is a question posed only to me, and I 
can no more delegate the responsibility for answering it than I can delegate the task of dying.',
            'Author': "Anthony T. Kronman,  Education's End: Why Our Colleges and Universities Have Given Up on the Meaning
of Life"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45155,
        'record': {'Quote': "Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.", 'Author': 'Isaac Bashevis Singer'}
    },
    {
        'id': 45171,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He could very likely have appealed for leniency. At least he could have saved his life by agreeing to
leave Athens. But had he done this he would not have been Socrates. He valued his conscience--and the truth-- higher than 
life.',
            'Author': "Jostein Gaarder,  Sophie's World"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45178,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday', 'Author': 'Munia Khan'}
    },
    {
        'id': 45182,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The rich fop Francis of Assisi was bored all his life―until he fell in love with Christ and gave all 
his stuff away and became the troubadour of Lady Poverty.',
            'Author': 'Peter Kreeft,  Jesus-Shock'
        }
    },
    {'id': 45184, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a book. We fill the pages.', 'Author': 'Victoria Valentine'}},
    {
        'id': 45198,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "God is not a celestial prison warden jangling the keys on a bunch of lifers--he's a shepherd seeking 
for sheep, a woman searching for coins, a father waiting for his son.",
            'Author': 'Clarence Jordan,  The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45229,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The only means by which one could attain complete happiness is to avoid living in constant 
expectation of it. It's the expectation that causes our unhappiness and consequent bitterness about life",
            'Author': 'Mohammed Naseehu Ali,  The Prophet of Zongo Street: Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45232,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When life gives you pain, accept it. When life gives you happiness, reject it.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45237,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '...[M]y inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose. I had a sudden 
feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.',
            'Author': 'Charlotte Brontë,  Villette'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45239,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, 
caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Addison,  The Spectator'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45242,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The only real fall of man is his noneucharistic life in a noneucharistic world.',
            'Author': 'Alexander Schmemann,  For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The pure perfect truth of life is that we are here to create heaven on earth, to bring the perfection
of what is above down to us, and in doing so to become transformed as human being into something great and beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Kathleen McGowan,  The Poet Prince'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with 
hopes to succeed.',
            'Author': 'Aniruddha Sastikar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45296,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'That was the last cruel irony of Tobias’s life: that he doomed the woman he would have died to 
save.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Clare,  The Lost Herondale'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45314,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD 
PHASE” of life..',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Realize this – your anger with God does not drive a wedge between you and Him. It is your silence 
that drives the wedge. - Prodigal Life',
            'Author': 'Pauline Creeden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45334,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45341,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To furnish the means of acquiring knowledge is ... the greatest benefit that can be conferred upon 
mankind. It prolongs life itself and enlarges the sphere of existence.',
            'Author': 'John Quincy Adams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Fight ever on: this earthly stuff If used God’s way will be enough. Face to the firing line o 
friendFight out life’s battle to the end. One soldier, when the fight was red,Threw down his broken sword and fled.Another 
snatched it, won the day, With what his comrade flung away.',
            'Author': 'Edwin Markham'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45367,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The life of West, Nietzsche said, is based on Christianity. The values of the West are based on 
Christianity. Some of these values seem to have taken a life of their own, and this gives us the illusion that we can get 
rid of Christianity and keep the values. This, Nietzsche says, is an illusion...Remove the Christian foundation, and the 
values must go too.',
            'Author': "Dinesh D'Souza,  What's So Great About Christianity"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45368,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the 
outside.',
            'Author': 'Marilyn Suttle'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45376,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life without Music would be a Mistake. Life without Books would be Catastrophic!',
            'Author': 'Nandini Deka'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45386,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'One is often so busy doing life that it is easy to avoid evaluating whether you are putting your 
energy in the direction you value most.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45388,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Imagine in vibrant, wonderful detail your heart’s desire—a reality only you can envision, an 
adventure only you can direct.Then cradle your creation. Caress it. Mold it. Coddle it until it comes to life.And when your
precious treasure grows so grand as to steal your breath away, set it free for all the world to experience. For that is how
you live your dreams.',
            'Author': 'Richelle E. Goodrich,  Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an 
unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough
to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service.',
            'Author': 'Jonathan Carroll,  White Apples'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status
hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and 
critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than 
one way of succeeding in life.',
            'Author': 'Alain de Botton,  Status Anxiety'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45423,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.',
            'Author': 'Lorii Myers,  Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45424,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life may bring you to your knees; pray. Then GET UP and participate in the answer. BECOME the remedy!
BE the solution!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45456,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The larger a star the shorter its life, but all the more fascinating its death. As it collapses 
within it’s body, the infalling material can be no longer be compressed; the star is blown to pieces; its shattered mass 
realeases out ward at the speed of light.',
            'Author': 'Kelly Easton,  The Life History of a Star'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45478,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one.',
            'Author': 'Emil Cioran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is the greatest of all mysteries, and though I seek to solve its many riddles, my deepest fear 
is that I will succeed.',
            'Author': 'Brian Rathbone,  Call of the Herald'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change",
            'Author': 'Benny Bellamacina,  Piddly Poems for Children'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45525,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is quite true what Philosophy says: that Life must be understood backwards. But that makes one 
forget the other saying: that it must be lived—forwards. The more one ponders this, the more it comes to mean that life in 
the temporal existence never becomes quite intelligible, precisely because at no moment can I find complete quiet to take 
the backward- looking position.',
            'Author': 'Søren Kierkegaard,  The Diary Of Soren Kierkegaard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45531,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don’t want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I’m ashamed of myself, I 
want to live a life I can be proud of.',
            'Author': 'Alice Bag'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45547,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No
matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself 
whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective",
            'Author': 'Lish McBride,  Necromancing the Stone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be
nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.',
            'Author': 'Ogwo David Emenike,  Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45565,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I remembered back to leo's burial and holding your hand. I was eleven and you were six, your hand 
soft and small in mine. As the vicar said 'in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life' you turned to me, 
'I don't want sure and certain hope I want sure and certain Bee.",
            'Author': 'Rosamund Lupton,  Sister'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve 
known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…',
            'Author': 'Jennifer Elisabeth,  Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love and faith are not common companions. More commonly power and fear consort with faith....Power is
not to be crossed; one must respect and obey. Power means strength, whereas love is a human frailty the people mistrust. It
is a sad fact of life that power and fear are the fountainheads of faith.',
            'Author': 'Saul D. Alinsky,  Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45643,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from 
other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45651,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Generally in life, knowledge is acquired to be used. But school learning more often fits Freire's apt
metaphor: knowledge is treated like money, to be put away in a bank for the future.",
            'Author': "Seymour Papert,  The Children's Machine: Rethinking School In The Age Of The Computer"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45665,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "A book is a product of a pact with the Devil that inverts the Faustian contract, he'd told Allie. Dr 
Faustus sacrificed eternity in return for two dozen years of power; the writer agrees to the ruination of his life, and 
gains (but only if he's lucky) maybe not eternity, but posterity, at least. Either way (this was Jumpy's point) it's the 
Devil who wins.",
            'Author': 'Salman Rushdie,  The Satanic Verses'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45678,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make 
the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.',
            'Author': 'Willard Van Orman Quine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45680,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.',
            'Author': 'John Galsworthy,  Five Speeches to P.E.N. Clubs and a Letter'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45721,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Be the winner in your life!', 'Author': 'Tae Yun Kim,  Seven Steps to Inner Power'}
    },
    {
        'id': 45723,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life makes fools of us all sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you\'ll at least be able
to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, it\'s our own expectations that crush us."-- 
from Skippy Dies',
            'Author': 'Paul Murray,  Skippy Dies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'She had one of those goofy smiles that made you wonder if she was too stupid to know that life sucks 
most of the time.',
            'Author': 'Darcia Helle,  Hit List'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45729,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The word "seek"is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or 
love, DO it - BE it!',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45754,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your greatest responsibility in your life is to be the best version of yourself. When you feel for 
what the soul believes that is who you become.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The number of ways to live in one lifetime is limitless. So why limit yourself?',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.',
            'Author': 'Vladimir Nabokov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45832,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If
based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45864,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if you'll get a second chance to ask 
, and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be.",
            'Author': 'Kaitlin Hollon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45893,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Could a body broken and blood spilled two thousand years ago restore my own damaged life?',
            'Author': 'Frederica Mathewes-Green,  At the Corner of East and Now: A Modern Life in Ancient Christian 
Orthodoxy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45897,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We will experience the life we have the faith to experience.',
            'Author': 'Julia Cameron,  Faith and Will: Weathering the Storms in Our Spiritual Lives'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45905,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My mother-in-law got so angry at me she vowed she’d never speak to me again, and I smiled and gave 
thanks for the little miracle God worked in my life.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45924,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The day came when she discovered sex, sensuality, and literature; she said, 'I submit! Let my life be
henceforth ruled by poetry. Let me reign as the queen of my dreams until I become nothing less than the heroine of God.",
            'Author': 'Roman Payne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45930,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For many, the search for Jesus is initiated from experiencing an event in life so powerful, it 
awakens the dragons of faith; from pain so deep, it calls on the hidden fears of the soul in an effort to survive. For 
others it means a serious personal life survey that ultimately forces the confrontation with the futility, anesthetics, and
despair in their lives.',
            'Author': 'W. Scott Lineberry,  Tragedy and Loss and the Search for Jesus'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45941,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Faith is the door to the full inner life of the Church, a life which includes not only access to an 
authoritative teaching but above all to a deep personal experience which is at once unique and yet shared by the whole Body
of Christ, in the Spirit of Christ.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Merton,  Zen and the Birds of Appetite'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45947,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, 
fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.",
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Best Option'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45960,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I guess that's where faith comes in, the faith of a child to believe in Santa, the faith of an adult 
to believe in God, maybe faith is what makes something real? Maybe Rose had believed enough to create her own afterlife, 
maybe that's the reward of faith...",
            'Author': 'Gillibran Brown,  Fun With Dick and Shane'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45978,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony 
determined by another.',
            'Author': 'Michelle Cruz-Rosado'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45980,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain.- 
Vivian Greene",
            'Author': 'Vivian Greene'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Knowing is not enough. You must accept My blessings in order to attain a better life. You must 
embrace a higher level of consciousness.',
            'Author': 'Mary B. Morrison'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 45990,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '[She was] a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty 
for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind 
unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her
soul a sense of home in it.',
            'Author': 'George Eliot,  The Mill on the Floss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46001,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'First, the avid student must be aware that when the world was young it knew only seven things: water,
life and death, salt, night, birds and the length of an hour.',
            'Author': 'Catherynne M. Valente,  Deathless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one’s life is wisdom — 
and that is the ultimate virtue',
            'Author': 'Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos,  Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living 
in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46006,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more 
significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity,
and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.',
            'Author': 'Paul Zane Pilzer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '\u200e"With each experience we grow and become more aware of the inner beauty that lies within us. 
Ultimately we are truly our own leader. We lead the connection and flow of life that is our inheritance.',
            'Author': 'Rabbi Yossi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46023,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each one of us holds the promise of greatness within our heart, minds, and souls. Our potential and 
where it leads us are as unique as our fingerprints, yet the way to access what is possible is universal. Affirm your life;
find joy every day, even in the mundane; and embrace your strengths and use them better yourself and the world.',
            'Author': 'Marianna Olszewski'
        }
    },
    {'id': 46033, 'record': {'Quote': "You can't Google life", 'Author': "Colin Tegerdine,  You Can't Google Life"}},
    {
        'id': 46045,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been 
rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented 
answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.',
            'Author': 'David Mamet,  The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Most often people seek in life occasions for persisting in their opinions rather than for educating 
themselves.',
            'Author': 'André Gide,  Pretexts;: Reflections on literature and morality'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46054,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'School was the unhappiest time of my life and the worst trick it ever played on me was to pretend 
that it was the world in miniature. For it hindered me from discovering how lovely and delightful and kind the world can 
be, and how much of it is intelligible.',
            'Author': 'E.M. Forster'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46058,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a bliss only if you carefully understand it.', 'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'}
    },
    {
        'id': 46059,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.',
            'Author': 'Bryant McGill,  Voice of Reason'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46061,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In the conditions of modern life the rule is absolute, the race which does not value trained 
intelligence is doomed.',
            'Author': 'Alfred North Whitehead'
        }
    },
    {'id': 46065, 'record': {'Quote': 'You have a life; make a success of it.', 'Author': 'Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha'}},
    {
        'id': 46071,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Past humanity is not only implicit in each new man born but is contained in him. Humanity is an 
ever-widening spiral and life is the beam that plays briefly on each succeeding ring. All humanity from its beginning to 
its end is already present but the beam has not yet played beyond you.',
            'Author': "Flann O'Brien,  The Third Policeman"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46076,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Learning is important. It is a way to make a life better for yourself and your family.',
            'Author': 'Rosie Thomas,  Iris and Ruby'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My art is that of the 35mm kind; my poetry is of the lead and ink kind; my happiness is of the 
product of both; and my legacy is of the story of my soul, that my life left behind',
            'Author': 'Jeremy Aldana'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46083,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can 
eliminate as many options as failure.',
            'Author': 'Tom Robbins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46135,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Rewriting the negative beliefs you have learned is the essence of becoming the director of your 
life.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46156,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "O philosophy, life's guide! O searcher-out of virtue and expeller of vices! What could we and every 
age of men have been without thee? Thou hast produced cities; thou hast called men scattered about into the social 
enjoyment of life.",
            'Author': 'Marcus Tullius Cicero'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46162,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.', 'Author': 'Sandra Chami Kassis'}
    },
    {
        'id': 46164,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '♫ I learned a lesson today: never judge a person by the way they act, nor how they dress, or the way 
they have their disabilities. Because everyone on Earth suffers the same hell, whether in love or hate, life or death.',
            'Author': 'Nandanie Phalgoo,  Bodiless'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46243,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Death is more merciful than hope itself! There is nothing surprising in this, for death is divinely 
appointed, while hope is the creation of human folly. Both end in frustration. Am I destined to lead a life of endless 
frustration?-(The Beginning and the End)',
            'Author': 'Naguib Mahfouz, نجيب محفوظ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46260,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't 
resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping.",
            'Author': 'Lauren Myracle,  Bliss'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46261,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Thus we arrive at the singular conclusion that of all the information passed by our cultural assets 
it is precisely the elements which might be of the greatest importance to us and which have the task of solving the riddles
of the universe and of reconciling us to the sufferings of life -- it is precisely those elements that are the least well 
authenticated of any.',
            'Author': 'Sigmund Freud,  The Future of an Illusion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Grace saved my life; it can revolutionize yours.',
            'Author': 'Jay Bakker,  Fall to Grace: A Revolution of God, Self & Society'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The unconditional love of God leads to a life of freedom and transforms each day into a potentially 
wild adventure.',
            'Author': 'Randy Elrod,  Sex, Lies & Religion'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46281,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Regardless of your chosen faith, at the end of your life's journey, your heart will be measured in 
two ways. One, the weight of your conscience must far outweigh the weight of a feather. Two, any impurities in your heart 
must weigh no more than one feather.",
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46284,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Pain anguish and suffering in human life are always in proportion to the strength with which a man is
endowed. We will not pretend to say that Heaven always apportions to a man's capability of endurance the anguish with which
he afflicts him...Suffering is in proportion to the strength which has been accorded in other words the weak suffer more 
where the trial is the same than the strong.",
            'Author': 'Alexandre Dumas,  The Man in the Iron Mask'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46294,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "God's plan for your life is happening right now. It doesn't begin when you get married or when you 
get your dream job or when everything feels perfect. You are IN the plan. - TLC's friend Kris (p.159)",
            'Author': 'Tara Leigh Cobble,  Crowded Skies: Letters To Manhattan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46299,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The music of hope is everywhere, but to hear it, you need to ignore the muddy jangle of life's 
hassles.",
            'Author': 'Christine M. Knight,  Life Song'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The conflicting missions of the two armies seemed to have no fog, no gray, only black-and-white 
clarity. I had lived my life in terms of compromise, rule-bending, trade-offs, concessions, bargaining, striking deals, 
finding middle ground. In these two great armies, there was no such thing. Good was good, and evil was evil, and they 
shared no common ground.',
            'Author': 'Randy Alcorn,  Edge of Eternity'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46303,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'sometime life is full of joy,and sometime life is full of pain and tears but we have to defeat it',
            'Author': 'Meena Khan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46325,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for 
your life.",
            'Author': 'Pedro Okoro,  Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46329,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46365,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Extend your "best before"date by living a youthful life.',
            'Author': 'Lorii Myers,  Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46373,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each day begins a new journey of life, for if we awake, there is a reason.',
            'Author': 'Bethanie Armstrong'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46380,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's your living room, it's your life, go nuts. You like Home Improvement? Tape it and go over it 
like it's the Zapruder film.",
            'Author': 'Dennis Miller'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46384,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether 
positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.',
            'Author': 'David Kofi Awusi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46393,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Inspirational quotes are dances of light that shine in dark places during your life.',
            'Author': 'Shannon L. Alder'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46394,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I
restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46395,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life, for the living, is a gift of opportunity; an exercise of the will to choose.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46397,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your thoughts make what happen in your life~You can turn anything negative into the positive~What you
visualize can come true and you attract it to yourself',
            'Author': 'Pattimari Sheets-Diamond'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46402,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the 
day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  The Power of One'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46405,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I am sure now that life is not what it is purported to be and that nature, in the canny words of the 
Scotch theologue, 'is not as natural as it looks.",
            'Author': 'Loren Eiseley,  The Immense Journey: An Imaginative Naturalist Explores the Mysteries of Man and 
Nature'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46428,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was as if the main screw in his head, which held his whole life together, had become stripped. The
screw would not go in, would not come out, but turned in the same groove without catching hold, and it was impossible to 
stop turning it.',
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46436,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are soul-centered, you can focus your attention where and when you want to, easily, without 
distraction. You know to look for what you want to see and experience. You know that what you seek you shall find, and what
you focus on in life will be more prominent in your awareness. You know your awareness is powerful and creative."~ Sarah 
McLean',
            'Author': 'Sarah McLean,  Soul-Centered: Transform Your Life in 8 Weeks with Meditation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46445,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you cultivate a godly thought life your soul will shine and you will exhibit the presence of the
Lord in you.',
            'Author': "Elizabeth George,  A Woman's High Calling"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'life is a continous journey of transformation',
            'Author': 'Sukant Ratnakar,  Open the Windows'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So here I am with this double life, one where my grammatically incorrect writing is a nice success 
with tens of thousands of readers, and another one where my carefully written books are read by a dozen people.',
            'Author': 'Christian A. Dumais'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46467,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to 
life.',
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46486,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is 
a new day - seize it!",
            'Author': 'Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46517,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.',
            'Author': 'Irving Berlin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46518,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.',
            'Author': 'Albert Einstein'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46526,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In working with top leaders and thought philosophers of our time, I will tell you that among their 
secrets of success is a regular practice of acknowledging and appreciating what they have. It can offer an oracle into the 
future because it not only tells you where you are, but it also helps clarify where you want to go in life.',
            'Author': 'Jack Canfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46548,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Almost all arguments for skepticism make reference to seemingly ridiculous possibilities—we are being
deceived by an evil demon, life is just a dream, we are brains in vats. You might propose psychoanalysis, rather than 
philosophical reflection, for anyone who worries about these possibilities.',
            'Author': 'Richard Feldman'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46574,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist.',
            'Author': 'Jean Toomer,  Cane'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46579,
        'record': {'Quote': 'An over examination of life can deter you from life itself', 'Author': 'Ilyas Kassam'}
    },
    {
        'id': 46587,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life.',
            'Author': 'Jaegwon Kim,  Mind in a Physical World: An Essay on the Mind-Body Problem and Mental Causation'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As individuals express their life, so they are.',
            'Author': 'Karl Marx,  The German Ideology'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Of course there’s a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? To never allow myself 
to get close to anyone ever again? Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? My heart 
might stay safe, but it wouldn’t be much of a life.',
            'Author': 'Chantelle Shaw,  The Ultimate Risk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46596,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Comprehending and knowing better and deeper are the best guarantees we can have to attain ideas and 
criteria of our own; i.e. to stop depending on what other people say. In summary, to be freer to choose our own path in 
life.',
            'Author': 'Manuel Toharia-Cortés,  Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46609,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with 
unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined 
systems.',
            'Author': 'Paul Karl Feyerabend,  Problems of Empiricism: Philosophical Papers: Problems of Empiricism v. 2 
(Philosophical Papers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46619,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Question for your life: If Socrates had a clone, would he advise that clone to know thy self, or to 
know myself, with myself in this case being himself?',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  $3.33'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.",
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46628,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her 
creator.',
            'Author': "Dwain K. White Sr.,  Every Woman's Dream"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46635,
        'record': {'Quote': 'You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.', 'Author': 'Sanhita Baruah'}
    },
    {
        'id': 46658,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I used to believe my art had to be about the things that brought me joy and gave me hope. But I 
learned that art can be found in all of life, even in pain. --Valentine, while in Italy (pg 267)',
            'Author': 'Adriana Trigiani,  Very Valentine'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46665,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A DAY LAYE""Every dawn of our lives a heart is forged andLinked with lore to one so similarBorn with 
blessed life dustStored beneath its soulTo bless and pass onto its childrenEven though the wind may blow it all awayDon\'t 
ever worry \'cos I\'m your friend.',
            'Author': 'Marc Bolan,  Marc Bolan Lyric Book'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life is full of change, honey. That's how we learn and grow. When we're born, the Good Lord gives 
each of us a Life book. Chapter by chapter, we live and learn.",
            'Author': 'Beth Hoffman,  Saving CeeCee Honeycutt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46709,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Pursue knowledge as though it is your life-blood, then you will know greatness!',
            'Author': 'Monique Rockliffe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your lifeH – HarassH – HamperH – HurtH – HarmH – 
HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46715,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Even though your life is Rainy and muggy you can fight through it just Make sure you know what is 
happening And make sure you don't take to much pressure on it just shake it off!",
            'Author': 'Skye Daphne'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46725,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In that case, on behalf of Earthlife, I urge that, with full knowledge of our limitations, we vastly 
increase our knowledge of the Solar System and then begin to settle other worlds.',
            'Author': 'Carl Sagan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dance through life flinging kindness like shimmering rainbows. Find your bliss by sharing your 
heart.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.',
            'Author': 'Gail McMeekin,  The 12 Secrets of Highly Successful Women: A Portable Life Coach for Creative Women'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46750,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We live in the hope that life will be different. Just a little more substance perhaps in the 
intrinsic frailty of the days. Such resignation frightens me. Between gunshots I get drunk. In secret, all knowledge 
becomes anxiety.',
            'Author': 'Floriano Martins'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Seek your own answers in life, and not what others dictate to you.',
            'Author': 'Jemina Akhtar,  Veil of Lies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46783,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think all artists struggle to represent the geometryof life in their own way, just like writers 
deal witharchetypes. There are only so many stories that you cantell, but an infinite number of storytellers.',
            'Author': "Henry Mosquera,  Sleeper's Run"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46785,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It is not a single cowardice that drives us into fiction's fantasies. We often fear that literature 
is a game we can't afford to play — the product of idleness and immoral ease. In the grip of that feeling it isn't life we 
pursue, but the point and purpose of life — its facility, its use.",
            'Author': 'William H. Gass,  Fiction and the Figures of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46789,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...rather than assuming that education is primarily about preparing for jobs and careers, what would 
it mean to think of education as a process of guiding kids' participation in public life more generally, a public life that
includes social, recreational, and civic engagement.",
            'Author': 'Mizuko Ito,  Living and Learning with New Media: Summary of Findings from the Digital Youth Project'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46799,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If we could push ajar the gates of life,And stand within, and all God's workings see,We could 
interpret all this doubt and strife,And for each mystery could find a key.But not today. Then be content, poor heart!God's 
plans, like lilies pure and white, unfold:We must not tear the close-shut leaves apart--Time will reveal the calyxes of 
gold.",
            'Author': 'Mary Riley Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46801,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the 
pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46802,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life 
from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof 
of your greatness.',
            'Author': 'Suzy Kassem,  Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we teach a child patience we offer them the gift of a dignified life.',
            'Author': 'Allan Lokos,  Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46815,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The mind is in a sad state when Sleep, the all-involving, cannot confine her spectres within the dim 
region of her sway, but suffers them to break forth, affrighting this actual life with secrets that perchance belong to a 
deeper one.',
            'Author': 'Nathaniel Hawthorne,  The Birthmark and Other Stories'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46829,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life had stepped into the place of theory and something quite different would work itself out in his 
mind.',
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoyevsky,  Crime and Punishment'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If for us culture means museum and library and open house and art gallery, for them it meant the 
activities and amenities of everyday life... The rift is... between "folk"culture, where the unschooled can be wise, and 
print culture, which enslaved the other senses to the eye.',
            'Author': 'Nick Joaquín,  Culture and History'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46838,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Helping others in need is not only a responsibility of life; it is what gives meaning to life.',
            'Author': 'Mollie Marti'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46839,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being truly happy in life involves you feeling more in control of the direction your life is going.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Day'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46845,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I preach that odd defiant melancholy that sees the dreadful loneliness of the human soul and the 
pitiful disaster of human life as ever redeemable and redeemed by compassion, friendship and love.',
            'Author': 'John Derbyshire,  Fire from the Sun'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46848,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ada: And why life? (Pause.) Why life, Henry? (Pause.) Is there anyone about?Henry: Not a living 
soul.Ada: I thought as much. (Pause.) When we longed to have it to ourselves there was always someone. Now that it does not
matter the place is deserted.',
            'Author': 'Samuel Beckett,  Embers'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46859,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do
with them is the summary of your life here on earth.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  RISK IT, BE DIFFERENT!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46862,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is a lifetime assignment & terminates when you do.',
            'Author': 'Orrin Woodward,  LIFE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46863,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'the old maxim... "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! 
Impudence!',
            'Author': 'William Hazlitt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to 
make your life comfortable in His presence.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46879,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His 
presence.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46884,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life […] is scientific, that’s what it is.',
            'Author': 'William Golding,  Lord of the Flies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46900,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Much later, when I discussed the problem with Einstein, he remarked that the introduction of the 
cosmological term was the biggest blunder he ever made in his life. But this 'blunder,' rejected by Einstein, is still 
sometimes used by cosmologists even today, and the cosmological constant denoted by the Greek letter Λ rears its ugly head 
again and again and again.",
            'Author': 'George Gamow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46908,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.',
            'Author': 'Charlie Chaplin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46918,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you 
will have too many regrets.',
            'Author': 'Kevin J. Anderson,  A Forest of Stars'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46935,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a complexwith real and imaginary parts',
            'Author': 'Angela Suba,  From My Pen, On Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46946,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "According to the Buddha's teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. 
THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him 'What is the 
beginning of God?' he would answer without hesitation 'God has no beginning', and he is not astonished at his own reply.",
            'Author': 'Walpola Rahula,  What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and 
Dhammapada'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46967,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a 
muscle.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Batchelor,  Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46979,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was \'the last\', the one, 
the only. And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. And upon his heart had settled the history of 
five thousand years, no longer remote, but become as the history of his own lifetime. His "I"was the converse of the 
imperial "We.',
            'Author': 'Walter M. Miller Jr.,  A Canticle for Leibowitz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46980,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is like a rape. If we cannot resist it, split the legs and enjoy it.',
            'Author': 'Aaron Lee'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 46985,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'As life in general constituted much pain in the form of struggles against poverty, disease, 
ignorance, and emotional anguish, what more civilized way for people to alleviate the same than by giving themselves to one
another as brothers and sisters in deed as well as in word? A society of people hoping to become politically superior 
needed first to become spiritually valid.',
            'Author': 'Aberjhani,  The Wisdom of W.E.B. DuBois'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47042,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life... 
and hope.',
            'Author': 'Robert S. Graetz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47044,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that 
inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope.',
            'Author': 'Mary Balogh,  A Matter of Class'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47046,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Chapters - Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn’t mean the end of the 
book.',
            'Author': 'Edenia Archuleta'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47048,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I think at the heart of so much restlessness of the day is a spiritual vacuum. There is a yearning 
for meaningful lives, a yearning for values we can commonly embrace. I hear an almost inaudible but pervasive discontent 
with the price we pay for our current materialism. And I hear a fluttering of hope that there might be more to life than 
bread and circuses.',
            'Author': 'Bill Moyes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47052,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, 
light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Conrad,  Lord Jim'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47057,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He had that sense, or inward prophecy,-- which a young man had better never have been born than not 
to have, and a mature man had better die at once than utterly to relinquish,-- that we are not doomed to creep on forever 
in the old bad way, but that, this very now, there are harbingers abroad of a golden era, to be accomplished in his own 
lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Nathaniel Hawthorne,  The House of the Seven Gables'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My true religion, my faith in God. He gives me love and compassion. I simply return them by loving 
and being compassionate towards others. Our own heart, our own mind, is the temple of God. The teachings of God is to love 
one another as he loves us. We love by respecting and being compassionate, whatever they decide to do with their life',
            'Author': 'Ann Marie Aguilar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I do not know the answers to life's hard questions, but I do know the One who knows them and that's 
sufficient...for now.",
            'Author': 'Toni Sorenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you 
got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, 
forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost...I carried them 
around with me, all the time",
            'Author': 'Cate Tiernan,  Immortal Beloved'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47097,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for 
them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars.',
            'Author': "Sumangali Morhall,  Auspicious Good Fortune: One woman's inspirational journey from Western 
disillusionment to Eastern spiritual fulfilment"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47098,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are called to service in the kingdom of God. The Christian life is not about what you claim. It is
about what you believe. True belief cannot be separated from what we do.',
            'Author': 'Tyler Edwards,  Zombie Church: Breathing Life Back Into the Body of Christ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47103,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.',
            'Author': 'Angel Sharum'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47130,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47132,
        'record': {'Quote': 'I know certain truths about life.', 'Author': 'Dana Reinhardt,  How to Build a House'}
    },
    {
        'id': 47143,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Change is possible if you allow it to happen. Nothing in life is constant; it's always evolving and 
that's how life happens for me. Through my adversities I can reach new heights.",
            'Author': 'Chimnese Davids,  Muses of Wandering Passions'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47152,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose 
contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to 
fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes 
about kids development soul',
            'Author': 'Natasa Pantovic Nuit,  Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47173,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.',
            'Author': 'Morrie Schwartz.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47184,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We must experience certain things in life, even in our childhood, so we can later look back and value
the journey.',
            'Author': 'Tanya R. Liverman,  Journey to Legacy: A Poetic Timeline of My Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47198,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Believe that life is taking you down a wonderful path!', 'Author': 'Lynn A. Robinson'}
    },
    {'id': 47209, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is real, and you canot live a lie.', 'Author': 'Andrew-Knox B Kaniki'}},
    {
        'id': 47223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'life weighs heavy upon my shoulders and patience starts wearing thin, it is divine hope and dreams 
which sustain me, pushing me forth against the wind.',
            'Author': "Terry A. O'Neal"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is too much pain in the world,in all shapes and forms.That is what these people represent.Pain 
from losing their homes,the death of a loved one,failing an exam,having a leg amputated,not getting a resident permit after
years of hoping for a better life...That's what binds them,That's what they potray.Pain.",
            'Author': 'Esther Verhoef,  Close-up'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For the human experience, life in the natural world seems to require the application of meaning, in 
order to evoke purpose.',
            'Author': 'T.F. Hodge,  From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The 
Divine Presence"'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47236,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. GlassLook back on my life like the ghost of 
Christmas pastToys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cashAnd I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kidSwear I 
should be locked up for stupid shit that I didBut I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumphMake music that's fire, 
spit my soul through the wire",
            'Author': 'Kanye West'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47240,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You squeeze the eyedropper, and a drop of pond water drips out onto the microscope stage. You look at
the projected image. The drop is full of life - strange beings swimming, crawling, tumbling; high dramas of pursuit and 
escape, triumph and tragedy. This is a world populated by beings far more exotic than in any science fiction movie...',
            'Author': 'Carl Sagan,  The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47245,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is three hours journey; childhood, adulthood & old-hood; filled with inspiration, perspiration 
and desperation.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was a bland, tranquilized, life-adjusted, group-integrated sort of face -- the face turned out in 
thousands of copies every year by the educational production lines on Terra.',
            'Author': 'H. Beam Piper,  Little Fuzzy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47271,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In trying to justify the humanities, as in trying to live a life, what may turn out to matter most is
holding one's nerve.",
            'Author': 'Stefan Collini'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'And there wasn’t anything he wanted to do that he couldn’t make time for. What did he have to mope 
about, really? What more did he want? Love, he could hear Eve saying. Purpose. Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you
can’t plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don’t happen? Do you spend your whole life pining 
for them? Waiting to be happy?',
            'Author': 'Rainbow Rowell,  Attachments'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47286,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I would willingly pass my life writing and re-writing the same book - that one book every writer 
carries within him - the image of his own soul.',
            'Author': 'Ignazio Silone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47308,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.',
            'Author': 'Nancy D. Butler,  Above All Else, Success in Life and Business'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47327,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47328,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and 
kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure the comfort.',
            'Author': 'Humphy Davy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47346,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Science ask facts and religion ask faith, humans are confused between life and death.',
            'Author': 'Santosh Kalwar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47379,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'we deceive ourselves in thinking that death only follows life whereas it both goes before and will 
follow after it for where is the difference in not beginning or ceasing to exist the effect of both is not to be',
            'Author': 'Seneca,  Letters from a Stoic'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47384,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One must try to make one's life as pleasant as possible. I'm alive and it's not my fault, which means
I must somehow go on living the best I can, without bothering anybody, until I die.''But what makes you live? With such 
thoughts, you'll sit without moving, without undertaking anything...''Life won't leave one alone as it is.",
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47419,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future.',
            'Author': 'Jonas Eriksson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47438,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Before man ventures into daydreams about his futuristic society, he shouldfirst immerse himself in 
the nothingness of his being, and finally restore life to what it is all about: a working hypothesis.',
            'Author': 'Tomislav Sunic'
        }
    },
    {'id': 47444, 'record': {'Quote': 'Be in limits, life will never limit you.', 'Author': 'M.H. Rakib,  The Cavalier'}},
    {
        'id': 47455,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'True, life is complex. But so are a great many accidents.',
            'Author': 'Foz Meadows,  The Key to Starveldt'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47470,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'For everyone now strives most of all to seperate his person, wishing to experience the fullness of 
life within himself, and yet what comes of all his efforts is not the fullness of life, but full suicide, for instead of 
the fullness of self-definition, they fall into complete isolation.',
            'Author': 'Fyodor Dostoyevsky,  The Brothers Karamazov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47472,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isn't life's business to reward merit, why should
it be life's business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could 
nostalgia serve?",
            'Author': 'Julian Barnes,  The Sense of an Ending'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47485,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the 
mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you 
know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.",
            'Author': 'Jennifer Megan Varnadore'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47515,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A corollary of this has been that Christians have thought that they should only create art with a 
Pollyanna quality to it: paintings of birds and kittens, movies that extol family life and end happily, songs that are 
positive and uplifting – in short, works of art that show a world that is almost unfallen where no one experiences conflict
and where sin is naughty rather than wicked.',
            'Author': 'Steve Turner,  Imagine: A Vision for Christians in the Arts'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47524,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we
do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.",
            'Author': 'Olivia Sinaga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47531,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I hope Limitless.. and its this Limitless hope that pushes me forward to live this Life..!!!',
            'Author': 'Abhijeet Sawant'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47536,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I ate some emotional soup in my childhood and have spent a lifetime trying to digest it.',
            'Author': 'Billy Ray Chitwood,  The Cracked Mirror: Reflections of an Appalachian Son'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47556,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be the Light you seek so desperately in your life and chase away that darkness.',
            'Author': 'Solange nicole'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47557,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Don’t let anyone set restrictions on your life...You chart the course of your own future, not anyone 
else. Don’t let people have such a power over you. Because if you’re always racing against their standards, then what’s the
point of reaching a useless finish line?',
            'Author': 'Kale Lawrence,  The Clairvoyance Clock'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47562,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nurturing a feeling makes it proliferate. Choose wisely. Joy, kindness, love, & caring will 
illuminate your life.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47567,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.',
            'Author': 'Amy Leigh Mercree'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47579,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Do you know why I believe in the Lord Jesus and what He says? Because He has proved to me that He has
my best interests at heart. What could He do that He did not do? He already gave His life for us (Romans 5:8-10; 8:32)',
            'Author': 'David Jeremiah,  Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious 
Tomorrow'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47583,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become 
something",
            'Author': 'Jayson Engay'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47586,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live your life as a curious student and you will discover how fascinating it is.',
            'Author': 'Elena Ornig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47589,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "You don't have the right to complain about your life if you're not willing to change it",
            'Author': 'Tori Toth,  Feel At Home: Home Staging Secrets for a Quick and Easy Sell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47595,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life provides chances to open your heart all the time.',
            'Author': "Amy Leigh Mercree,  The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul
Mates"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47604,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its 
forever, A battle for the rest..',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47620,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Once a day, especially in the early years of life and study, call yourselves to an account what new 
ideas, what new proposition or truth you have gained, what further confirmation of known truths, and what advances you have
made in any part of knowledge.',
            'Author': 'Isaac Watts,  The Improvement of the Mind to Which Are Added a Discourse on the Education of 
Children'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47622,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when 
you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.',
            'Author': 'Nahisha McCoy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47630,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave 
like him, react like him as well.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47631,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes
to the desires of your heart.',
            'Author': 'Nakia R. Laushaul'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47632,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those 
changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.',
            'Author': 'Meg Meeker,  The 10 Habits of Happy Mothers: Reclaiming Our Passion, Purpose, and Sanity'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47638,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'she was lucky if he stood behind her. Not so lucky if he came to crush her. And a woman might only 
learn the truth of it—when he walked out of her life. Highlighted by 9 Kindle users',
            'Author': 'Lenore Wolfe,  Dark Warrior: To Tame a Wild Hawk'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47651,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "In this world, people actually don't live a life for themselves but usually live a life for someone 
they love.",
            'Author': 'Vinayak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47668,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is no time to waste in life and there is no cut and paste as well, only copy and paste – you 
can only emulate others',
            'Author': 'Bernard Kelvin Clive,  Your Dreams Will Not Die'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47673,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Live like there’s no tomorrow and learn as if your life depends on it',
            'Author': 'Omar Kiam'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There will come a time in every girl's life when she realizes that your ex-girlfriend wasn't crazy. 
Actually, she was right (about you).",
            'Author': 'Nakia R. Laushaul'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope gives us a reason to live and to make plans for our future. But common sense gives us knowledge 
that God has control over our life. Life is a journey. We hope and plan our future as we travel each day.',
            'Author': 'Ellen J. Barrier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47691,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "If there's a will, there's a way!I feel larger than LIFE--and look up to the stars who shine down on 
me and have become my own personal cheerleaders....as my fingers tap on my computer late into the night..",
            'Author': 'Donna Scrima-Black'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47698,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It was unhealthy to get too attached. Such things were best reserved for people who had a life 
expectancy',
            'Author': 'Matthew S. Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Nature alone can lead to the understanding of art, just as art brings us back to nature with greater 
awarness. It is the source of all beauty, since it is the source of all life.',
            'Author': 'Eugène Carrière'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "...education is a sacred thing, and the pledge to build a school is a commitment that cannot be 
surrendered or broken, regardless of how long it may take, how many obstacles must be surmounted, or how much money it will
cost. It is by such promises that the balance sheet of one's life is measured.",
            'Author': 'Greg Mortenson,  Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and 
Pakistan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47716,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are the reality.The sense of of worship, love, devotion and loyalty.You are the purpose of life 
and existence. That is why I am still alive.',
            'Author': 'M.F. Moonzajer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47741,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Knowledge is very vital in life`s transformation and transition',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The
plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.',
            'Author': 'Toni Sorenson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47783,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your 
subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.',
            'Author': 'Steve Backley,  The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47788,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You should never hit the snooze button when life gives you a wake up call.',
            'Author': 'Rob Liano'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47811,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each man lives in many worlds within different life.Mind can only see world in which it lived and 
located.',
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47816,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.',
            'Author': 'Steve Backley,  The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47823,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I once visited a village of primitive people.At village, I felt time and life moved slower.',
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47825,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Not because we think that it's still about to happen, thus makes our future life as though yet to be 
exist.Human mind can't yet perceive the nature of future.",
            'Author': 'Toba Beta,  My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go 
into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.",
            'Author': 'Anthony Powell,  The Kindly Ones'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every 
negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.',
            'Author': 'Amish Tripathi,  Scion of Ikshvaku'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47855,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be 
beautiful without planning!',
            'Author': 'Rossana Condoleo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47865,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.', 'Author': 'Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.'}
    },
    {
        'id': 47887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Consider the whole world reconnoitre individuals j who is there whose life is not taken up with 
providing for to morrow Do you ask what harm there is in this An infinite deal for such men do not live but are about to 
live they defer every thing from day to day however circumspect we are life will still outrun us.',
            'Author': 'Seneca,  Letters from a Stoic'
        }
    },
    {'id': 47902, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish.', 'Author': 'Mo'}},
    {
        'id': 47925,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All I\'m trying to say is that if you\'re not willing to observe this, if you\'re just going to 
condemn it, you\'re never going to see it. It\'s there, whether you like it or not. This is stupid life-force we\'re 
dealing with here,"he said. "Think how old it is, Jim. Think how huge it is. Understanding it doesn\'t make any 
difference.',
            'Author': 'Jim Paul,  Catapult: Harry and I Build a Siege Weapon'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47927,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned 
life...to beauty all is forgiven.',
            'Author': 'Muriel Barbery,  The Elegance of the Hedgehog'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47937,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time 
its certain.',
            'Author': 'Mayank Sharma,  A Cocktail of Love'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47965,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my 
perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused…. should go with :( or :)',
            'Author': 'Saket Assertive'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47982,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Crime, violence, infamy are not tragedy. Tragedy occurs when a human soul awakes and seeks, in 
suffering and pain, to free itself from crime, violence, infamy, even at the cost of life. The struggle is the tragedy - 
not defeat or death. That is why the spectacle of tragedy has always filled men, not with despair, but with a sense of hope
and exaltation.',
            'Author': 'Whittaker Chambers,  Witness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Don’t hope you will receive help from the words of life because they all bring you to death.',
            'Author': 'Sorin Cerin,  Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am thankful to all the souls, I meet in the journey of life.',
            'Author': 'Lailah Gifty Akita,  Think Great: Be Great!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47994,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Spiritual victory is not something you earn - it is something you accept. The Christian life is not 
so much about what you have done - it's about what Christ has done. It's not so much about how strong you are - it's about 
how strong God is.",
            'Author': "Alan D. Wright,  Lover of My Soul: Delighting in God's Passionate Love"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 47996,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I don\'t want to base my life on a symbol,"he said resolutely. "I want reality, and the Christian 
faith has always been rooted in reality. What\'s not rooted in reality is the faith of liberal scholars. They\'re the ones 
who are following a pipe dream, but Christianity is not a pipe dream.',
            'Author': 'Gregory A. Boyd'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48000,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "... omniscience about life and death is not within a physician's purview. A doctor should never write
off a person a priori.",
            'Author': 'Jerome Groopman,  The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let the ruins come to lifeIn the beauty of Your nameRising up from the ashesGod forever You reign',
            'Author': 'Hillsong'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48008,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope is magic. Hope is a gift. Hope is a raft we cling to in the midst of a storm. Hope by nature is 
an independent of logic. Hope is power outside of the facts.The human mind longs for something better. Hope is not 
rational. Yet who need rationality when God is on our side? The capacity of hope is the most significant fact in life.',
            'Author': 'Tommy Tran'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'He is the light in my life and the rock beneath my feet. (Referring to the Lord Jesus)',
            'Author': 'Kimberly McRae,  Living by Faith: Beginning Your Walk as a New Believer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48018,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I can only imagine how happy life would be if we could stay so grounded in our faith that we would 
never waver in our positive attitudes.',
            'Author': "Tracie Miles,  Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48027,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed.',
            'Author': 'Holly Hood,  Heart of Gypsies'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48044,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love yourself deeply and be satisfied with the amazing life you create.',
            'Author': "Amy Leigh Mercree,  The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul
Mates"
        }
    },
    {'id': 48058, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is short,Live it long', 'Author': 'Zaveric'}},
    {
        'id': 48059,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!',
            'Author': 'Sujit Lalwani,  Life Simplified!'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48081,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are 
ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.",
            'Author': 'lexis smigz'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48096,
        'record': {'Quote': 'life is worth living when you have someone to share it with ..', 'Author': 'zybil rogan'}
    },
    {
        'id': 48120,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the 
majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.',
            'Author': 'Leo Tolstoy,  Kreutzer Sonata and Family Happiness'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48139,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition."Transition is the tension 
present between struggle and grace.',
            'Author': 'Deborah Brodie'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48145,
        'record': {
            'Quote': '... [They] took it upon themselves to start the laborious process of cranking up life again, after 
death has stopped us all in its tracks.',
            'Author': 'Diane Setterfield'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48146,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God is the Master Author of your life. He has written every page of your life story in His eternal 
book. It\'s up to you to turn up the pages and move on with the next chapter or just get yourself stuck in the same content
over and over again."- Elizabeth\'s Quotes',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth E. Castillo'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48178,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The indefatigable pursuit of an unattainable perfection ...***...is what alone gives meaning to our 
life on this unavailing star.',
            'Author': 'Logan Pearsall Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48180,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You life matters. You are here for a reason. Your job is to determine why.',
            'Author': 'Michael Hyatt,  Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48189,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When I think of existence, I cannot help but wonder, "What is life, anyway?"Where do I fit in the 
grand scheme of life? What is the point of it, anyway? Is this a test—and if so, am I passing it?',
            'Author': 'C.J. Sinclair,  I Beg to Differ'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who 
gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate"until something happened... an a 
breakthrough became evident!',
            'Author': 'Israelmore Ayivor,  The Great Hand Book of Quotes'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. 
It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries
of life.',
            'Author': 'Awdhesh Singh,  The Secret Red Book of Leadership'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48209,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via 
the cares of this world.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48216,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu,  The Prince and the Pauper'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48234,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I spent half my childhood trying to be like my dad. True for most boys, I think. It turns with 
adolescence. The last thing I wanted was to be like my dad. It took becoming a man to realize how lucky I’d been. It took a
few hard knocks in life to make me realize the only thing my dad had ever wanted or worked for was to give me a chance at 
being better than him.',
            'Author': 'Tucker Elliot,  The Rainy Season'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48263,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I have all the things I need to succeed in life, including a bucket of unicorn urine.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book Has No Title'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48266,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is messy. But so is life. Deal with it. Poverty is messier.',
            'Author': 'James Arthur Ray,  Harmonic Wealth: The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The sprint is like life ... blink and you miss it.',
            'Author': 'Steve Backley,  The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48283,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Would you mind a mind blindfold, a block on your imagination? You couldn’t create a fantasy world to 
live in, but you could create a life for yourself without irrational fears of the future.',
            'Author': 'Jarod Kintz,  This Book is Not FOR SALE'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48290,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.',
            'Author': 'Steve Backley,  The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48293,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you have made mistakes in life there’s always another chance with Cosmic Ordering.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Connection'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Guide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just a minute, Cosmic Ordering can give you a whole lot more ... a whole lifetime of more.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Guide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48322,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's true; life really is generous to those who pursue their Personal Legend.",
            'Author': 'Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48336,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.',
            'Author': 'Horace Walpole'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48401,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "you got a sad story, ruth,' mimba said. 'but not sad-sad. you here with me and cato and all us 
together now. you have a happy-sad story. best you can get in this life is happy-sad. but you always gotta remember your 
own mama that birthed you. even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud. you 
always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure.",
            'Author': 'Anita Diamant,  The Last Days of Dogtown'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48403,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of 
life and endless possibilities of a world united.',
            'Author': "William Bailey,  Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earth's Deathly History"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48428,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Empiricism teaches that there is a real world of fixed things on the outside and that ideas of these 
outside things are stamped on the mind which is at the beginning of life a blank.',
            'Author': 'Holly Estil Cunningham,  An Introduction to Philosophy'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48431, 'record': {'Quote': 'No ideology is worth a Human life.', 'Author': 'Adriano Bulla'}},
    {
        'id': 48432,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The difficulties and challenges in your life are the lessons you need to learn to grow and 
development.',
            'Author': 'Avis J. Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48483,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Memories [10w] Spend half your life creating memories,the other half, remembering.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48492,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it 
can live the life for which it was destined in the New World.',
            'Author': 'Patrick Nowell-Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48498,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.',
            'Author': 'David Starr Jordan'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48507, 'record': {'Quote': 'Find your life’s purpose and dare to pursue it.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 48510,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Getsmart PrayerI do my laundry and you do yours,I am not in this life to listen to your ceaseless
yammering,And you are not in this world for any discernable reason at all.You are you, and I am I, and I got the better 
deal.And if by chance we find each other, it will be unspeakably tedious.Fuck off.',
            'Author': 'Jon Carroll'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48528,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can actually create the life you want. It all depends on how daring you desire it.',
            'Author': 'Lailah Gifty Akita,  Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'decision is of the mind not of the mouth also determination is of the heart not of the head- Golden 
Life Foundation',
            'Author': 'Chris C. Nwakanma'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48552,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” 
There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.',
            'Author': 'Cassandra Blizzard'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48553,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Our lives are a flicker of light in the shadowy darkness of eternity. Disease, famine, war, death, 
sorrow... Life is a cycle of pain, perhaps the one thing we should do with our short lives is to try to leave the world a 
better place than we entered it?’"~Vexis Zaelwarsh - Low Priestess to Avanti-Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage',
            'Author': 'Martyn Stanley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48607,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Ninety percent of everything you believe you can achieve in life you will.',
            'Author': 'Gregory C Dugger'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48608,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Never worry a bit in Life. Always be full of merriment.', 'Author': 'sharda sriram'}
    },
    {
        'id': 48621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "At some point in life if you get to a cross road and don't know where to go better figure it out 
sooner than later, which turn to take.",
            'Author': 'Secli G.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There's no short-cut in life but with right knowledge, you can fast-track things to come to pass.",
            'Author': 'Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does 
not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully 
accurate.",
            'Author': 'Criss Jami,  Killosophy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48648,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Invariably, knowledge dictates life, liberty, and death, but those who have historically occupied the
seats of power not only dictate what is defined as knowledge but also dictate what’s included, what’s excluded, and how it 
is filtered to society vis-à-vis America’s major institutions . . . particularly the educational system; ultimately, 
shaping the very essence of life.',
            'Author': 'Martin Guevara Urbina,  Latino Access to Higher Education: Ethnic Realitites and New Directions for 
the Twenty-first Century'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48676, 'record': {'Quote': 'To enjoy the magic of life, smile with love.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 48678,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If you want to move on, you actually have to make the decision to move on. It won\'t happen 
automatically. You have to say, "I deserve better than this and no longer am I going to let this get the better of me", and
then take the necessary action to move on with your life.',
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48681, 'record': {'Quote': 'He who lives in love enjoys life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 48688,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even corpses had purpose, or could be given one. A man could make himself an island his entire life, 
only to have reason itself laid about him, a fabricated existence. Identity became relative, history nonexistent. As they 
said, dead men told no tales.',
            'Author': 'Chris Galford,  The Hollow March'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48711,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The most important purpose of education is to learn how to find the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48717,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Education, boy, is not something to prepare you for life. That is a vulgar American error.… It's 
something to take you out of life.",
            'Author': 'John Horne Burns,  Lucifer with a Book'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48718,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I lack formal education. So I'm left with the feeling that I'm smarter than everyone around me but 
that if I ever got around really smart people—people who went to universities and drank wine and spoke Latin—that they’d be
bored as hell by me. It’s a lonely way to go through life.",
            'Author': 'Gillian Flynn,  The Grownup'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sine doctrina vita est quasi mortis imago"[Without learning, life is but the image of death]',
            'Author': 'Dionysius Cato'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Each life involves an essential errand; not simply the task of survival, but a life-mission embedded 
in the soul from the beginning.',
            'Author': 'Michael Meade'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48746,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In order to live a fulfilled life, do not focus on the size of your audience; focus instead on 
leaving an impact on the circle of influence God has given you.',
            'Author': 'Rosette Mugidde Wamambe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48752,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Along every step on our journey through life, our mind is being programmed. If we are not programming
it ourselves, someone else is doing it to us.',
            'Author': 'Joseph Rain'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48756, 'record': {'Quote': 'Education gives light, life and liberty.', 'Author': 'Lailah Gifty Akita'}},
    {
        'id': 48775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be ignorant is to waste the talents you were born with. To be ignorant is to confine your life to 
a path no different than the generations before you',
            'Author': 'Linda Cardillo,  Across the Table'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48780,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on
the planet and wasting everybody's time.",
            'Author': 'Jeannette Walls,  Half Broke Horses'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48788, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a journey worth making.', 'Author': 'Pandora Gray'}},
    {
        'id': 48804,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits 
of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48807,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.',
            'Author': 'Jaachynma N.E. Agu'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48831,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You can forget trying to climb the success ladder, all you will ever need in life is brought to you 
in the Cosmic Ordering elevator.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Connection'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48854,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Change your life! Wake up and smell the Cosmic Ordering success.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Guide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48857,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With Cosmic Ordering, the best days of your life are always ahead of you.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Cosmic Ordering Guide'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48876,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You need to cleanse your mind throughout life because there is so much negativity in yourself and 
around. Keep cleaning and you will connect with the Universe quicker and effectively.',
            'Author': 'Hina Hashmi,  Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment'
        }
    },
    {'id': 48887, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.', 'Author': 'Euripides'}},
    {'id': 48889, 'record': {'Quote': 'I bear a charmed life.', 'Author': 'William Shakespeare'}},
    {
        'id': 48891,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.",
            'Author': 'Martin Luther King, Jr.'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 48900,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.', 'Author': 'William Blake'}
    },
    {
        'id': 48908,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life loses its meaning when you forget your purpose.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {'id': 48940, 'record': {'Quote': 'Forgiveness reveals the ultimate beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 48960, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a magical melody.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 48965, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is magical for a lover.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 48971,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Time is standing still; we are moving with the waves of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 49005,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Learning how to transcend consciousness to a higher consciousness is a blissful journey and the 
ultimate essence of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Don’t feel shy—kiss. Kiss just to feel the joy of life and to get lost in the beauty of love.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49013,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Kiss me with love like a butterfly kisses flowers to find and taste the nectar of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 49019, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love is for life; life is for love.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 49026,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In life, love is not everything, but without love, life is nothing.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 49028, 'record': {'Quote': 'Love makes the journey we call life worthwhile.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 49032,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your past karma is what you found difficult or challenging in this life. To heal your past karma you 
would need to learn your life lessons for this life.',
            'Author': 'Avis J. Williams'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49035,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The time you spend loving is the most valuable time of your life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 49045, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is what you think about it.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 49094,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dream the life you desire. Then live it with passion and love.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49100,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Never pray for life to be easier, but pray for courage to go on and still enjoy every moment of 
beauty.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49106,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'This universe belongs to those who know how to see, feel, and love the beauty of life and the 
universe.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49111,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With every sunrise, I rise with joy. My heart dances with love. I begin a new life fresh like a 
flower.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49114,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Love is the essence, fragrance, and beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 49124,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Love is the magic, mystery, and the beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 49126,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We came to this world to enjoy the magic of love, the beauty of existence, and the joy of life. We 
did not come to this world to look for money and fame.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49128,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is magical and blissful when we live to love the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There is one invisible bridge for every one of us and death is the first step of it. On this side, 
there is life where there are questions and fear but on that other side of that bridge, there is a whole new world full of 
answers and peace.',
            'Author': 'Viraj J. Mahajan,  Derivation of Life'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49153,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Lost vs. Lost We get lost twice in life.The first stems from uncertainty,when we try to find what our
dreams truly are.The more profound feeling of being lost is existential, and comes unforeseen, after we finally fulfill our
dreams.To survive the latter, we must create an entirely new set of dreams.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49158,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is the Meaning of Life? [10w] {6} To be transformed into all we are capable of becoming.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49198,
        'record': {'Quote': '*"Maybe the whole point of my life is to make you feel more alive.', 'Author': 'Beryl Dov'}
    },
    {
        'id': 49293,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Dance on the stage of life with love in your heart, a smile on your face, and a great vision in your 
mind.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49415,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is God? [17] [10w] God has a fondness for cosmology and carbon-based life forms.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49523,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life Imprisonment with No Possibility of Parole [10w] "The needle is preferable to three hots and a 
cot.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49631,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "That's Why Shag's the Way To Go [10w] Love's messy;it tracks mud on the carpet of life.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Love in the Afterlife [10w] Maybe I'll love you in the afterlife.This life, fuhgeddaboudit.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49745,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Game Is Afoot God\'s buried eight jewels within my soul.Life\'s game is,\'Remove each gem, yet 
find me whole.\'The clue is,"Eight is one, and one is eight,no jewel\'s more precious,all equally great.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49896,
        'record': {'Quote': 'One Size Fits All Life Strategy Smile first.Ask questions later.', 'Author': 'Beryl Dov'}
    },
    {
        'id': 49914,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wretched [10w] Intelligence without compassion is an invitation to a wretched life.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49976,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am longing for you in life and in deathAs the moon is longing for night and life is longing for 
breath',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49984,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Measure your life not by the dimension of your bank account but by the expansion of your kindness and
love.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 49986,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be a great artist especially when you draw your life’s picture.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 49988, 'record': {'Quote': "Be a great writer when you write your life's song.", 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 49990,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life always begins with triumph but tends to end with tragedy.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50009,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With love, accept everything that life has to offer you. Life will be easy, kind, magnificent, and 
magical to you.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are a bubble in the ocean of life that has come to enjoy the glints of the morning light.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50051,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I believe that life is a beautiful journey to find out the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50067,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 50073,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were never born to make money. You were born to enjoy life and be happy. Instead you learned to 
make money and forgot how to be happy.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50085,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The essence of life is love, and that is my wealth and influence.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50091,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To see the magic of life look through the wondrous eyes of a child.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 50134, 'record': {'Quote': 'Measure your life not by years but by adventures.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 50136,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life happened in the past. Life will happen in the future, but life is happening at this moment. Live
in this moment. Seize this moment!',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50278,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We are here to enjoy the breathtaking views of life with love.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50280,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is a land of opportunity to love, live, and enjoy beauty.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50282,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To enjoy the beauty and abundance of life, revitalize your life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50300,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'First I dream my life. Then I live in that dream with love and joy.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50339,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Writer\'s Prayers That Don\'t Work "Lord, lead me from the banality of everyday life,to the gleaming 
one beneath the surface.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50357,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Charity [10w] Contentment over your life is the best aphrodisiac for charity.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50447,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Death [10w] What the the dying most resent is life goes on.', 'Author': 'Beryl Dov'}
    },
    {'id': 50488, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is nothing but a few ecstatic dancing atoms.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 50496,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You may be born thousands of years from now, but over the boundaries of time I am sending you my love
and wishing you a joyful and wonderful life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50500,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Treat life as if it is the best gift from the universe.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 50504,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We cannot measure time. We can only measure changes of life and the universe.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 50506, 'record': {'Quote': 'Never forget the prime purpose of your life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 50508, 'record': {'Quote': 'Negative actions cannot create a positive life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 50518, 'record': {'Quote': 'Just enjoy the music of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 50532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not about success; life is about a journey toward happiness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50592,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Bagels and Lox Life's an everything bagel;love is a schmear of scallion cream cheese;and lox, no 
matter how you cut it,is resistant to dumbass metaphors.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50782,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Library [10w] Hopefully, the library in the afterlife doesn't contain contemporary poetry.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50889,
        'record': {'Quote': "I [10w] 'I' is a wellspring in the desertoverflowing with life.", 'Author': 'Beryl Dov'}
    },
    {
        'id': 50961,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Imitation [10w] Art imitates life.Life imitates art.I just imitate imitation.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50973,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Tragedy of Forgetfulness When you stop loving someone,in order to heal your memory of them begins
to fade.Unfortunately, the good ones fade with the bad and suddenlyyears of your life have disappeared.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50979,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Promising vs. Promises A promising life comes from a childhood without broken promises.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50995,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'An enlightened life can be so powerful that it can illuminate the whole world.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 50999,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Body is slave of mind. Mind is regulated by ideas, attitudes, beliefs and tendencies. What really 
matters is that which set of beliefs get most well entrenched in the mind of a person in the first few decades of his life 
so as to guide him for the rest of his life as he starts his journey from one end of life to another end of life.',
            'Author': 'Shri Nagesh,  BELIEFS & MORALS'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51000,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A netizen speaks normally about one’s life’s first priority or preference through the profile 
picture; it’s often the person seen therein, but it could also be the product on which s/he lays the hand on or seen as an 
inset in this selfish and materialistic world.',
            'Author': 'Anuj Somany'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51003,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A single moment of life has more miracles and worth than to live a whole life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51007,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is nothing but a clump of mud; your thoughts define which statue you can mold out of it.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51011,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Always expect that something beautiful and wonderful will happen to fill life with beauty.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51019,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Paint your life with the colors of kindness so that you may find the true bliss of happiness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51021,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are not a human being living your life, but you are a spiritual being longing for life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Area 51 [20w] If aliens were truly looking for intelligent life on earth,what the fuck were they 
thinking going to New Mexico?',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51189,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Your life is a show and you're the star so don't let anyone walk on set and treat you like an 
extra.",
            'Author': 'Lucas Mascotto-Carbone'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51192,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There shall always be a day and a night until the world meets its ebb and we shall always hope to 
sleep and wake up to see another day! Such is called life! So many people have life, but, few people are living. We shall 
continue to exist from dawn to dusk having life and living or just having life!',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51200,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The entire life we have has it's real meaning in giving! He who least knows the real value of giving 
that can leave a distinctive footprint least knows what the essence of life is about",
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51204,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Every time you read a book, a tree smiles knowing that there's life after death.",
            'Author': 'Anonymous'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51210,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Sewing Machine CharmTo A Life Bound by Family, The Thread That Ties Us All Together',
            'Author': 'Viola Shipman,  The Charm Bracelet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51216,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many 
things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to 
recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51222,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Loon CharmTo A Life Filled with A Love Whose Voice Always Calls You Home',
            'Author': 'Viola Shipman,  The Charm Bracelet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51223,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to 
look back and see what I have done but to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive
footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until 
all is over!',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51224,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is INCONCLUSIVE but its about an everlasting FUTURE',
            'Author': 'Delma Pryce,  ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51225,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, Yes! I shall say that I am yet to start, for that 
shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see the marvelous 
things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall
be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51227,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Excuses; the great chains that entangle purposeful life to the pillar of unpurposeful living',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51228,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Puzzle Piece CharmTo A Life Filled with Friends Who Complete You',
            'Author': 'Viola Shipman,  The Charm Bracelet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51230,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Life isn't always what you expect it to be. Sometimes it hands you lemons and other times sugary 
sweets. But there are no shortcuts to your dreams. So if one way doesn't lead you to your goal. Find another one.",
            'Author': 'Berivan Selim'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51235,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of 
Knowledge is not that of Life.',
            'Author': 'George Gordon Byron,  Manfred: A Dramatic Poem'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51268,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Stop waiting for someone else to run your life. Get into the driver's seat and choose your 
destination.",
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51269,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fifty years from now, I will not be remembered for how much money I earned, the type of home I lived 
in or the car I drove, but on whether I made a difference to someone's life.",
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51270, 'record': {'Quote': 'We are each the protagonist of our life story.', 'Author': 'E.L. Tenenbaum'}},
    {
        'id': 51279,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Find the time everyday, to express what is in your heart. Life affirming choices that lift you up. 
Everyday,allow your your soul to express its joy at the gift of life. Create, laugh, dance, play, spend time in nature, 
connect with the Divine, whatever it is, take even a small amount of time to do the things your soul longs to do.',
            'Author': 'Eileen Anglin'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51290,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If only you can add just one great and distinctive thing to your life each day, you shall surely not 
just live and leave one great thing!',
            'Author': 'Ernest Agyemang Yeboah'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51294,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your 
life.',
            'Author': 'Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51297,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Everything we experience in life is designed to shape our characters.',
            'Author': 'Delma Pryce,  ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51306,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are times in life when we’re called to forget who we thought we were in order to become who we 
really are.',
            'Author': 'Elle Sommer'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51312,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a 
lifetime.',
            'Author': 'A.D. Posey'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51327, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is magic.', 'Author': 'A.D. Posey'}},
    {
        'id': 51340,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Dragonfly CharmEmbrace The Magic of Nature & Life Will Be Filled with Good Fortune',
            'Author': 'Viola Shipman,  The Charm Bracelet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51343,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is Like a Program, You need to rectify your problems on your Own',
            'Author': 'Pratik Shelar'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51349,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The Hot Air Balloon CharmLife Can Be Filled with Adventure If You Let Yourself Soar',
            'Author': 'Viola Shipman,  The Charm Bracelet'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51363,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Salamanca-Brosig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51367,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Train the mind, body and spirit, so you may achieve anything. Life is about sharing your 
dreams/purpose (gifts/passions/talents) with the world and helping others find their way.',
            'Author': 'Elizabeth Salamanca-Brosig'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51370,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will live forever in 
people’s hearts.',
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51383,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Blaming others for your mistakes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your 
mistakes gives you power to change your life.',
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51391,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Polarity exists so that we may discover the truth beyond this world of duality, which is the ultimate
purpose of life.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51396,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Be Grateful- Your Life is a Miracle.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51400,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life-long learning is the modus of keeping your brain…your thoughts…your ideas…engaged in a quest for
knowledge that enriches and expands the mind with a constant thirst for wisdom.',
            'Author': 'Wes Adamson,  Imagination By Moonlight: living life boldly and successfully'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51406,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we are open, strong and fluid in our body, we are experiencing the best that life has to offer 
with very little limitation or constraints.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51408,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'See yourself as the perfect creation that you are, but at the same time, recognize with sincere 
honesty, the areas of your life that are out of balance and get to work to improve and grow.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51410,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If we are not living IN our bodies, honoring them as our TEMPLE, we are closing off the divine 
channels (nadis) of energy that run through us. Additionally, when we are not in good physical shape, we limit our 
enjoyment of our life experience. Thus, yoga is spiritual and physical.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51411,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you grasp the yogic principles and philosophies, you can apply them to any activity you are 
doing. Then every thing you do is spiritually enhancing your life. And this leads to the ultimate experience where 
everything you do is YOGA. It is all Union, unifying you with the Supreme Source.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51413,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The asana practice is extremely powerful and unique in design. In addition to improved flexibility, 
circulation, muscular strength and increased energy, and detoxification of the organs, each pose unblocks life force energy
(prana) pathways in your body, reprograms your cellular DNA and connects us to our spiritual origin.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51416,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Know, in every moment, that you have attracted this situation into your life experience so you can 
grow and learn the lessons necessary to get to the next level.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51417,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your body is a physical representation of the cumulative effect of all the experiences you’ve had 
throughout your life.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51426,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Breath is your link to life; the direct connection to your spirit.',
            'Author': 'Dashama Konah Gordon,  Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51433,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life demands flow… Like a water, if you stop here you will be nothing for anyone.',
            'Author': 'Meenakshi'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51444,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life loses its meaning when we are not living in peace.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51457,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Burdens of life become lighter when your heart is filled with love and we learn to forgive and forget
with profound kindness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51459,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Create your inner peace to enjoy the endless beauties of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51460,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'How beautiful it is to have inner peace while knowing that everyone is busy with their own battles in
life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51462,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Turn the mess of your life to a message of triumph for the world.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51466,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'If our purpose of life is live in peace and happiness, then why are we always preparing for war?',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Hope for peace!Dream for peace!Act for peace!Live in peace!Life is for peace!',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51474,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To live a life in perfect harmony, create true peace in your heart.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51481,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'With every sunrise, our hearts sing with joy, our minds dance with love, and our lives get energized 
with new life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51487,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Peace is not only the purpose of life; it is also the pathway of life',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51512,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Fall in love with peace to enjoy the journey we call life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51513,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Life is so magical, mysterious, magnificent, and peaceful.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51519,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are truly living when you have inner peace. You are far away from the beauty of life when you are
fighting a war.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51530,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is about cherishing memories, getting lost in moments of beauty, and enjoying profound joy and 
happiness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51532,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Feel the kiss of ocean breeze,Hear the song of dancing waveLet your soul fly away with seagullsTo 
fill the heart with the joy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51544,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Three most important questions for a happy life:How can I help? How can I love? How can I belong?',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51546, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life begins where needs end.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51547,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Remember that life is a miracle; enjoy it at its best.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51551,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love life. Live your life with joy so you may fill the world with joy. Let no one leave your presence
without feeling the joy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51557,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Any conscious or unconscious thought, love, or actions will bring more energy in your life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51566,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The true understanding of life and its purposes comes from an understanding of consciousness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51567,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Achieving higher levels of consciousness is the ultimate magic of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51570,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Higher consciousness means your self consciousness ceases to exist; you become the ocean of life and 
a part of the universe.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51590,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To enjoy the nectar of life, I like to kiss you like a beautiful bee kisses the flower.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51591,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A blooming flower pleads, oh thee! Look at me,  to see the beauty, Kiss me like a bee,  To feel the 
bliss, To taste the nectar of life And just to feel and be. Kiss me like a wave kisses the shore In an endless dancing sea,
again and again, just to be.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51597,
        'record': {'Quote': 'By seeing the beauty of life, I attract them into my life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {'id': 51610, 'record': {'Quote': 'Self consciousness is the ultimate wisdom of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51613,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We become happier by advancing our understanding of life and by finding its endless beauty.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51614,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When we are able to realize that life is endless and not ephemeral and that life is transformational 
and not static—then all fears will vanish from our hearts.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51617,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Dance as if you got lost in the mystery and beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {'id': 51619, 'record': {'Quote': 'Just breathe the beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51621,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In a world full of cruelty and hatred, be loving and kind so that you may transform the perception of
life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51623,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The best gifts in life are the memories of love that we have given away.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51635, 'record': {'Quote': 'To enlighten your life, see beauty.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 51641, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is a gift, but living is a choice.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51644,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The level of consciousness determines the deepness of thoughts and the awareness of the beauty of 
life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51646,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are the storyteller and the editor of your book of life. So write tales of imagination, tragedy, 
and adventure and illustrate it with the colors of beauty.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51661,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Some seek and find peace in life; some have to wait for peace in the afterlife.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51673,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Uniconsciousness is the ultimate purpose and ultimate essence of a higher consciousness. The 
knowledge of the ultimate source of life and the ultimate source of non-judgmental love and consciousness can achieve 
higher consciousness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51677,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You enhance the beauty of your life by sharpening your awareness and deepening your consciousness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51679,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is the language of the universe. Music was there even before the concept of life. Music is one 
of the most powerful catalysts of evolution.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51681,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Music is the primordial language of life. That is why we love it so much. Actually every animal can 
hear and understand music better than we do.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51702,
        'record': {'Quote': 'If you can justify your life’s journey, you are a success.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51705,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'All of the stories, all of the beauty, all of the songs and events of this life will vanish in the 
ocean of time.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51706,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is important not because it helps you to get a job, but because it opens the window of the 
mind through which we can see the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51708,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education and wisdom will define your destination in life-- not wealth.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51722,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You create your own masterpiece as your actions draw pictures of your life canvas.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51735,
        'record': {'Quote': 'For all of the blessings of your life, be always grateful.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51737,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are the beloved conscious reflection of this universe. You are here to enjoy the beauty and joy 
of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51739,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You cannot truly enjoy a flower until you can see her inner beauty and feel her purpose of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51742,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your life looks like a prison because you focus on the things you wish you had and thus don’t 
appreciate what you already have.So why don’t you try to see the abundance in your life? Because, if you haven’t noticed, 
you’ve got many things to thank for. Just look around.',
            'Author': 'Lidiya K.,  This Moment'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51751,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The value of life depends on the amount of pure love that you are giving away.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51755,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Love is the greatest gift of life. Those who give and receive are blessed with the ecstasy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51757, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life is absolutely impossible without love.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51758,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'It is not the duration but the donation of life that matters the most.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51759, 'record': {'Quote': 'Be an example and open a new way for life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 51760, 'record': {'Quote': 'Without love, life is empty and has no beauty.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51764,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'I am burning within with an immeasurable, indescribable endless joy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51766,
        'record': {'Quote': 'It is the beauty of life that makes our lives worth living.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51767,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life becomes empty if we fill it with worthless thoughts and deeds.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51777,
        'record': {'Quote': 'The most amazing people are those who love life and humanity.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51780,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Teach a child to love his world deeply so that he may find the beauty and joy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51781,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is not a destination to be reached, but it is a journey to be enjoyed.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51785, 'record': {'Quote': 'Either plan your life or get ready to get lost.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51791,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Love is the source, power, essence, and evidence of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51797,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are the ultimate truth of your life. Everything that happens to you depends on you and your 
thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51801,
        'record': {'Quote': 'See the beauty of sunset to enjoy the passion of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {'id': 51802, 'record': {'Quote': 'Laughter is the most important paradise of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 51804, 'record': {'Quote': 'Your love defines your life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {'id': 51806, 'record': {'Quote': 'To feel the joy of life, smile with love.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51809,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Think as though the beauty of your life depends on your thoughts. Live as though your life is the 
portrait of your thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51816,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Doing more for others makes your life more abundant.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51828,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'When you are irrationally irrational you may find that life is magical.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51831,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are born with the power to change your life by simply changing your thoughts.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51834,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life is so precious! Live with love, joy, happiness, and abundance.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {'id': 51845, 'record': {'Quote': 'When consciousness is there, can life be far away?', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51848,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Let your thoughts, intentions, imaginations, and dreams fly under a clear blue sky with a spring 
breeze floating like a butterfly from flower to flower. See the beauty of mankind. Enjoy the nectar of life. It will shift 
your awareness to a higher consciousness.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51851,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In deep silence, raise your consciousness. Now feel the profound joy of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51852,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Living is not enough; we must live an illuminated life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {'id': 51859, 'record': {'Quote': 'Enlighten every life with love to shine.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}},
    {
        'id': 51870,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "There is no one who is happier than the person who is able to control his or her life. Who does what 
he /she thinks its right. Who pleases himself before everyone. Who doesn't suffer from what people will say syndrome. When 
you have time . Find a way to please yourself. Then you will be happiest person alive.",
            'Author': 'De philosopher Dj Kyos'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51877,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are never too old to start over. Every day is a chance to make changes to create the life we 
want.',
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51887,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I'd tell them that it gets better. That they may not be able to beat death when their time comes, but
they can beat death in life. I know it may not be an easy thing to do, but with the right person by their side they can 
conquer anything.",
            'Author': 'Stephanie Kaleto,  Disconsolate'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51888,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Free your mind and be in flow of life's ups and downs. Be accepting of wherever you are on your 
journey",
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51889,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will forever in 
people’s hearts.',
            'Author': 'Karon Waddell'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51899,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The easiest way to make life beautiful is to always believe that it is beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51909,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Your level of consciousness defines the beauty of your life and destiny.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51910,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You are where you always wanted to be; so enjoy the beauty of life.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51914,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To find the nectar of life, let me get lost in the mysteries and beauties of the imagination.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51939,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life becomes easy if you whole heartedly expect it to be easy.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51947,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Oh my love, you are my life boat in the ocean of my life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 51952,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The best things in life are the things that we cannot buy with money.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 51983,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'A person feels the pain in judicious proportion to the sensitive nature cherished in own world; 
otherwise there is enough fun, happiness, enjoyment and pleasure in life.',
            'Author': 'Anuj Somany'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52047,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Still Hangin' in the Child Hood [20w] You can spend an entire lifetime trying to be a child again,or 
never lose your childhood to begin with.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52065,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Success is knowing your God given life purpose and pursuing it Passionately, Persistently, and 
Consistently until you die.',
            'Author': "Tom Cunningham,  Adversity to Advantage: 3 Epic Stories of Transforming Life's Obstacles into 
Opportunity"
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52066,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'The world is always in a hurry, but I teach My children patience. Live, expecting a full and joyous 
life. And learn to trust My perfect timing so that you may discover that all the pain found in waiting has a magnificent 
and awesome purpose.',
            'Author': 'Eric Ludy,  When God Writes Your Love Story'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52072,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'You were born with a song in the seat of your soul; let the life that you live be the singing of 
it.',
            'Author': 'LaShaun Middlebrooks Collier'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52077,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Give your life purpose and focus. Position yourself to succeed', 'Author': 'Karon Waddell'}
    },
    {
        'id': 52078,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'We can live forever even with an impactful shorter-life.',
            'Author': 'Aniekee Tochukwu Ezekiel,  Psychology of Friendship for Leadership'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52116,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Read vs. Write If you want to know about life second hand, read;if you want to experience life 
directly, write.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52196,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Education is the freedom of wisdom , knowledge and understanding. But been educated does not 
guarantee success in life, but it's the key to everlasting life.",
            'Author': 'Bada Aderibigbe rasak'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52207,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Life in itself is a big classroom - so learn all the chapters of life well. This chapter of illness 
is but only one chapter. Learn whatever it has come to teach you and move on in life.',
            'Author': 'Sanchita Pandey,  Cancer to Cure'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52281,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Written Word The only thing I hold dearer than myself(and my moms, yo') ~is the written word.I'd 
give my life for that bitch, (yo'.)",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52327,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Meaning of Life {Couplet} Life's but the love and laughter we've amassed,the friendships forged that 
shall outlastpossessions, station and renown,the make-up palette of a clown.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52339,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Silly String [10w] Life' an absurdity radiating from a spine of silly string.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52345,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "One Philosophical Question, Two Faces [10w] 'Is life wort living?' is tantamount to'Does God exist?",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52355,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Pompous Psychopomp Its your charge to provide me safe passage to the afterlife,to be a midwife to
my dying.Any yet, you hover there, judging me,putting on airs, you supercilious whip-poor-will.You're an embarrassment to 
nightjars everywhere.Now do your fucking job and take me to hell ~which I guess has already begun,judging by your shitty 
escort service.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52420,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Trickeries, Sophistries and Traps [10w] Life's great irony is that we, the trapped,set traps.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52479,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Regret vs. Good Times "If I had to regret the good times I spent with every lover who eventually 
disillusioned me,my love life would be reduced to ten seconds.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52838,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Poets and their Thin Skins Every poet is thin-skinned when it comes to criticism ~without ithow could
he ever possess the astute sensitivity about lifeto even write poetry?',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52865,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'God Made God made our beingour parents our bodyphilosophy our mindchildren our compassionhostory our 
loyaltywork our self-esteembattles our heroismpoetry our soulsoulmates our lovewhich stitches it all togetherinto a life.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 52938,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'To be unattached in every phase of one’s life is indeed full enlightened bliss of the Self (Purna 
samadhi)!',
            'Author': 'Dada Bhagwan'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53093,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Heaven [10w] Heaven’s not a destination ~it’s a way of processing life.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53138,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'New Age Advertising ATTEND OUR REINCARNATION RETREATGuaranteed to be a once in a lifetime 
experience.Sure it costs $5000, but lets face it,you only live once.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53153,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Tapestry [10w] Life's a tapestry of mystery and miracles quilted by God.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53209,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'New York Haiku "My monthly rent checkis more than you will make inyour fucking lifetime.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53215,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Contiguous vs. Continuous Identity Identity's only preserved in death;in life it is ever-changing.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {'id': 53261, 'record': {'Quote': "The Word of God is my life's manual.", 'Author': 'Jane Bulos'}},
    {
        'id': 53262,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In order to live a life of purpose, do not focus on the size of your audience; focus instead on the 
circle of influence God has given you.',
            'Author': 'Rosette Mugidde Wamambe'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53276,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "The Phenomenon of Life {Couplet} The potter's some man of clay who's molding clay,a robot making an 
automaton;Every day we recreate ourselves from what bricks we're made,how wondrous life's phenomenon!",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53410,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Illinois State Motto State sovereignty, national union.Life begins and ends with corruption.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53442,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Before It's Too Late [10w] Life's too transient to waste time hating ~plot revenge now!",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53469,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Education is a savings account that you fill by learning and by spending. Even if you spend for the 
rest of your life, it will only grow to give you joy.',
            'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53472,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Education enlightens you to see the beauty of life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 53476,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Education opens the door for an extraordinary life.', 'Author': 'Debasish Mridha'}
    },
    {
        'id': 53642,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Save the Last Dance for Me Life is a Hesitation Waltz danced to swing time measure. We're all given 
the free will to suspend our moving foot or slowly drag it during the halt.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53644,
        'record': {'Quote': "Show Up [10w] I've waited for you all my life ~show up already!", 'Author': 'Beryl Dov'}
    },
    {
        'id': 53672,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Transform from being a fault-finder and blamer to a happiness-finder and appreciator. Positive 
emotions will increase in your life.',
            'Author': 'Maddy Malhotra,  How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be 
Successful and Happy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53675,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "CHOOSE WISELY'Birth wasn't your choice, and neither shall death be.But the way you live your lifeis 
your choice, buddy.",
            'Author': 'Maddy Malhotra,  How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be 
Successful and Happy'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53682,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'What is the Meaning of Life? [10w] {3} To create its meaning every day we live and love.',
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53702,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Just like a sailor who knows before reaching land that it is nearing, life too gives certain signals 
which indicate how closer you are to manifesting.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Richards,  Be First: Achieve Every Dream'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53710,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Wonderful things happen due to positive beliefs and good karma. Change your mind set to earn good 
karma and to make your life beautiful.',
            'Author': 'Hina Hashmi,  Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53738,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Fighting For Your Life [10w] 'Everything will be alright,'doesn't mean we stop the fight.",
            'Author': 'Beryl Dov'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53760,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a 
benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.',
            'Author': 'Thomas Jefferson'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53765,
        'record': {'Quote': 'Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.', 'Author': 'Seneca'}
    },
    {
        'id': 53766,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.',
            'Author': 'Stephen Covey'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53767,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "All of life is peaks and valleys. Don't let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low.",
            'Author': 'John Wooden'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53768,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your 
arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very 
least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.",
            'Author': 'Mel Brooks'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53769,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.',
            'Author': 'Frank Lloyd Wright'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53775,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and 
enjoy life. That's what I want for my son.",
            'Author': 'Charlize Theron'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53791,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.',
            'Author': 'Patti Smith'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53793,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'So long as the system of competition in the production and exchange of the means of life goes on, the
degradation of the arts will go on; and if that system is to last for ever, then art is doomed, and will surely die; that 
is to say, civilization will die.',
            'Author': 'William Morris'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53796,
        'record': {
            'Quote': "No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read.",
            'Author': 'Bob Riley'
        }
    },
    {
        'id': 53797,
        'record': {
            'Quote': 'My private measure of success is daily. If this were to be the last day of my life would I be content
with it? To live in a harmonious balance of commitments and pleasures is what I strive for.',
            'Author': 'Jane Rule'
        }
    },
    {'id': 53811, 'record': {'Quote': 'Life Is Full of Obstacles, Stumble Upon !!', 'Author': 'Pratik Shelar'}}
]
